Narrator: Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world... Out to the seas.
Gold Roger: My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place.
Narrator: Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now... In the Grand Age of Pirates! While they were heading for their next destination, Fishman Island... Luffy and the others went to help Caimie's friend, Hacchin. Before they knew it... A fierce battle broke out between Luffy's group and the Flying Fish Riders. In the meantime... The true identity of Duval, the man who held a grudge against Sanji, was revealed.
Sanji: QUIT SCREWING WITH ME!
title: Explosion! The Sunny's Super Secret Weapon Gaon Hou
Nami: That face... Can something like this really happen?
Chopper: Amazing... I never thought there would be someone in this world who looked exactly like that drawing on Sanji's wanted-poster...
Duval: Black Leg Sanji... Dis is all yer fault!
Usopp: Hey, Sanji, where are you going?!
Duval: Do ya realise... How frightenin' it was, suddenly bein' targeted by bounty hunters?! Why? Why'd I suddenly have to be chased by the Navy HQ?! Why'd all those big name bounty hunters suddenly start huntin' me?! Why?!
Luffy: Sanji?
Duval: S'all because ya decided to become a pirate, and became famous... dat I had to go into hidin'... Fearing the bounty hunters ev'ry single day! What'd I do?! Give me my life back! BLACK LEG SANJI!
Sanji: LIKE I CARE!
Riders: Head!!!
Duval: Whaddaya mean, "Like I care"?! If ya ain't gonna take responsibility for dis, then who will?!
Sanji: Shaddup! I'm more pissed about that wanted-poster than anyone!
Franky: I understand how that guy feels...
Chopper: But... Sanji was really depressed because of that poster, too...
Sanji: Who's that...?
Luffy: How long are you gonna keep sulking?
Sanji: Shaddup! Why is mine the only one that's drawn?! -How does this look like me?!
Zoro: That looks exactly like you. I can't understand what you're saying.
Sanji: I'll be laughed at... ...by all the ladies in the world.
Chopper: So, things like this really can happen, huh?
Nami: What a surprise... This world is really big.
Usopp: Was Sanji born under some kind of miracle-star or something?
Robin: He might meet quite an interesting end someday...
Franky: I can't help but feel sorry for that Duval guy...
Hachi: Those two look exactly like each other!
Zoro: Like two peas in a pod.
Sanji: Brook! I'm so gonna kick the crap out of you afterwards!
Luffy: Well then, Sanji... We'll just be going on ahead.
Sanji: Are you saying this is my fault?! If you don't want to look like that wanted picture... Then how about trying to change your hairstyle or your beard?! There are plenty of things you could just change, right?!
Duval: So, I could have done that?
Sanji: Are you all morons?!
Duval: I ain't no moron! You know, Black Leg, we... You know, Black Leg, we... We... Were running a small, unknown mafia in some distant corner of this sea...
Dude: What're you doing to our leader, damn you?!
Duval: Are you her father?
Dad: I-I-I apologize... Please forgive her!
Mom: Dear!
Girl: Daddy!
Duval: How are you planning on making up for this? Huh?!
Girl: Daddy!
