Narrator: Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world... Out to the seas.
Gold Roger: My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place.
Narrator: Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now... In the Grand Age of Pirates! During their journey to Fishman Island... Luffy and the others... Were attacked by the Flying Fish Riders and their leader, Duval. A great battle ensued.
Duval: Why, you... Damn Straw Hat kid!
Narrator: With great malice in his heart, Duval had pursued the ultimate cause of his anger, which was Sanji.
Sanji: Oeil! Nez! Joue! Bouche! Dents! Menton! Parage... Shot! Landing to Reach Fishman Island The Sabaody Archipelago
Rider: Head! Head! Where are you? Head!
Riders: Are you OK, Head?!
Rider: He's... This is terrible... He's a complete mess! Head, are you alive? Head!
Duval: Dammit... I'd finally tracked down Black Leg and all... Huh? What is it? Why're you all lookin' so surprised?
Rider: Head, please calm down and look at this!
Duval: T-This is.... W-Wh-What the heck happened to me?!
Luffy: It's good!
Caimie: Right? Hacchin's takoyaki is the best in the world, isn't it?
Luffy: I can't stop, I'm unstoppable! This takoyaki is great!
Sanji: It really is good. How does he bring out the taste of the sauce like this?
Usopp: There's just something great about a food stall at sea, huh?
Brook: This is the first time I have ever eaten takoyaki. It tastes really good. It feels like my stomach is going to burst... ...although I have no stomach.
Hachi: Eat as much as you like, it's free today! It's our way of thanking you for saving us!
Caimie: These have Dashi in them, and these have Mochi. They're hot, so be careful.
Hachi: So... What does she think...? Uh, Nami, I mean... Uh... Well... H-How does it taste?
Nami: It's not like I'll forgive you just because of this, you know.
Hachi: Of course not! That's not what I meant! I just wanted to know what you think, honestly! Nami...?
Nami: It's really good!
Hachi: Really? Is that so? Great, what a relief! Alright, you guys! Feel free to eat as much as you want!
Luffy: Yeah! Just keep making more! I'll eat all of it!
Duval: Hey, you guys~! Young masters~!
Zoro: Who's that?
Robin: That voice...
Duval: Wait, wait! Don't leave without giving us a chance to thank you!
Luffy: Who's that guy?
Duval: I'm Handsome... Oh, that was wrong. It's me, Duval!
Luffy: Was, that how his face looked...?
Sanji: I altered his bone-structure. He shouldn't have anything to complain about now, right?
Duval: My, Master Black Leg... After you smashed my face in, we were all really surprised when I woke up! You've made me really handsome! I can't even recognize myself any more! Now, the ladies will be crazy for me. I must say... It truly is a rosy life! I want to go back to my lazy country-life as soon as possible... But if I left without showing my thanks to you, I could never forgive myself! This is your first time visiting these parts, right? If there's anything we can help you with, just call us!
Sanji: Don't wink if you're not used to it! Well, as long as you're satisfied, that's good enough. If you wanna do us a favor, then don't bother us again...
Duval: Beautiful... Too beautiful!
Sanji: Are you even listening?!
Duval: I want to ride on a white horse...
Sanji: Hey, listen!
Rider: Head... Head! Listen to what he's saying!
Duval: Oh, that's right... What? I'm handsome?
Sanji: I never said a single word about that! You want me to turn your face back into that sketch-like way it was?!
Duval: It is somewhat embarrassing, but... I accept it! Your fair maiden's kiss~!
Nami: I wasn't doing anything like that! I was just wiping off the takoyaki! What's with that ridiculously positive attitude of yours?!
Duval: Oh, mirror, mirror... Who is the most handsome man in the world? Is it me?
Riders: You're only giving it one choice?!
Usopp: We get that you're handsome, but you're still an idiot.
Duval: Jealousy?
Usopp: No way!
Luffy: Stop it, Usopp! You're no match against his craziness!
Duval: Well then, young master! This is my snail phone number. Feel free to call me whenever you like! I'll definitely help you out when that time comes! I really did cause you a lot of trouble, huh? I am really so... ...rry!
Luffy; Sanji and Usopp: Stop winking already.
Duval: See you later! Let's go, Rosy Life Riders!
Riders: YES, HANDSOME!
Luffy; Sanji and Usopp: Hurry up and go.
Luffy: Ah, I'm full! Ah, I ate a lot! I'm in Heaven!
Usopp: That was really good!
Chopper: I can't eat any more...
Hachi: I'm exhausted... They sure ate a lot... As expected of the Straw Hat crew... I wish I had six more arms.
Caimie: Good job, Hacchin! Seems like they're all satisfied.
Hachi: Really? Then, I'm satisfied too.
Brook: Ah, what a wonderful afternoon... This is the first time I have eaten takoyaki.. I am quite satisfied, too. Ah, excuse me.
Nami: That was too dirty!
Sanji: Hey! Octopus, starfish, Caimie-chan! If you want a break, then come up to the deck. I'll give you a cup of tea.
Caimie: Yeah!
Hachi: That's some good tea!
Caimie: This is the course we're gonna take. We're headed for the Sabaody archipelago.
Usopp: We can't get to Fishman Island without going there first?
Hachi: Fishmen and mermen can just dive straight down to get back. But you're humans, so if you tried to dive down there, the pressure would kill you!
Franky: Indeed... The submarine couldn't reach it either.
Brook: It seems like... the hull is creaking.
Robin: Yes. Because... We're deeper than five thousand meters right now.
Brook: Ah, that means... But that is terrible! We are going to be crushed by the water pressure!
Franky: How are we going to make it there?
Pappagg: Alright, pay attention! It seems like you don't know anything... So I'll tell you a thing or two about these seas! Huh? Who is gonna do that? That... Would... Be... Me! Uh, would you please listen? To start with, there are actually two routes you can take to reach the New World! But only one of them is accessible for outlaws, like yourselves!
Luffy: Why?
Pappagg: Well, that's because... one requires the World Government's permission, for you to cross the Red Line by going over the top... through the Holy Land Mariejoa at its summit! Of course, there's no way a pirate would be allowed to pass through like that.
Chopper: You mean, walking over the Red Line? Then what would we do about the ship?
Pappagg: You'd have to leave the ship behind, and get a new one on the other side.
Franky: Leave the ship behind?!
Pappagg: Yeah. Getting permission takes both time and money, but it's the safest way to get there. However...
Franky: Huh?
Pappagg: The passage you're taking will allow you to get through with your ship and everything! That passage is known as... The Ocean-floor Route, which goes straight by Fishman Island!
Caimie: But the Ocean-floor Route is pretty dangerous as well.
Pappagg: Huh? Caimie, Caimie?
Franky: What do you mean?
Pappagg: I didn't say you could take over...
Caimie: There are plenty of people who are eaten, along with their ships, by sea-monsters and Sea Kings.
Franky: I get it... That would be pretty dangerous.
Caimie: Right?
Chopper: I don't want to go to Fishman Island after all...
Usopp: Me neither...
Nami: Wait a minute, Caimie! Did you just say "along with their ships"?
Caimie: Huh? Yeah!
Nami: What kind of ship can we use to travel on the ocean-floor?
Caimie: This ship.
Crew: Huh?
Franky: Hey, this ship can't travel under water!
Caimie: No, it'll be alright.
Franky: Huh?
Caimie: You see, inside of that huge wall, circling the globe, the Red Line... there's a small hole in a certain spot. Although from our perspective, it's a huge hole. And that's where Fishman Island is!
Hachi: Actually, it's right underneath the Holy Land, Mariejoa! You just head about ten thousand meters down, and there it is!
Nami: That far down?
Hachi: It's a really nice place!
Nami: Wasn't Sky Island about ten thousand meters up in the sky, too?
Franky: What do you mean, we're going to take this ship to the ocean-floor?
Caimie: We're going to get the ship coated at the island we're going to now.
Franky: Coated?
Caimie: You'll understand when we get there.
Pappagg: Now, look ahead! Everyone, we're here!
Nami: It's beautiful!
Usopp: What is that?
Sanji: Something's flying around...
Brook: Well, I must say...
Robin: A true wonder.
Zoro: Bubbles...?
Pappagg: This is... the Sabaody Archipelago!
Luffy: Awesome! There's tons of soap-bubbles floating around!
Nami: Beautiful!
Usopp: What's going on? They just keep floating up, one after another...
Luffy: Who's blowing them all?
Caimie: They're rising up from the island,
Usopp: Just saying that they're rising doesn't really help...
Luffy: Why?
Robin: If I may... Sorry for interrupting, but is the Log Pose alright?
Nami: Oh, right... It's still pointing to Fishman Island, but... won't this island cause it to change its course?
Hachi: You don't have to worry about that. The Sabaody Archipelago is just a lot of trees. It doesn't have a magnetic field.
Nami: Is that so...
Sanji: Then, those aren't really islands?
Hachi: Right. Have you ever heard of mangrove trees?
Sanji: Mangroves? You mean trees with roots in the ocean that sink and emerge with the tides, right?
Hachi: That's right. Although the mangroves here never sink. The Sabaody Archipelago is the largest mangrove in the world. They call the trees here the Yarukiman Mangroves.
Luffy: Pumped up groves?
*Translator's note: Note: Luffy heard it as "Yaru ki manman", which means to be pumped up.
Luffy: Yeah, they sure look like they're excited! I'm getting excited too!
Hachi: In all, there are 79 trees, and all of them are like small islands. There are towns or other structures on each one. All of the islands together are known as the Sabaody Archipelago.
Chopper: Huh? There are numbers written on the trees.
Hachi: Yeah, each of the 79 trees have a number assigned to them. The closest grove, grove 44, is the civilian entrance, so let's take the ship a little closer.
Luffy: Now that we're seeing them up-close, those roots really are huge, huh?
Chopper: They're pitch-black inside...
Brook: Incredible... Is that a bridge?
Hachi: Yeah. That's how each of the islands are connected.
Brook: Oh, I see...
Hachi: Alright, we're here! This is grove 41. This is where we're dropping anchor.
Luffy: I'm setting foot on it first!
Hachi: Alright everyone, don't forget the number here! Like I said earlier... All of the islands are connected via bridges... So if you remember the number, you won't get lost.
Usopp: Even then, there is one guy who'll get lost, right?
Chopper: There is.
Zoro: Huh, what? What is it?!
Luffy: One popped out from the ground! That's really funny!
Chopper and Usopp: Awesome!
Luffy: I got on it!
Usopp: It's not popping, huh?
Chopper: That's really nice!
Robin: Those soap-bubbles really are mysterious. How do they work?
Pappagg: The roots of these Yarukiman Mangroves... secrete a unique kind of resin.
Robin: Oh, no! This is all sticky.
Usopp: Don't wipe it off!
Pappagg: So, when the trees "breathe out", the resin is blown out as well, and forms these soap-bubbles.
Chopper: I see... So that's why they're all floating into the sky?
Usopp: So all of this is actually natural?
Luffy: Hey!
Usopp: Huh? Hey, Luffy! When did you get up there?!
Luffy: I can see an amusement park over there! Let's go! Let's ride the ferris wheel!
Chopper: An amusement park?
Caimie: That's the Sabaody Park. How nice... The ferris wheel... Riding on that is my dream.
Chopper: Your dream? Why can't you ride it?
Pappagg: Don't be ridiculous! You can't do that, Caimie!
Caimie: Yeah, I know...
Chopper: I want to ride it too, but I guess I can't...
Luffy: So high~! W-What? They just suddenly broke?!
Caimie: Luffy-chin! This is terrible! Are you alright?!
Sanji: He's fine, Caimie-chan. You don't have to worry about him.
Luffy: Wow, I'm beat!
Sanji: See?
Nami: By the way, Hachi... What's our goal on this island? You said something about coating for the ship earlier, didn't you?
Hachi: We have to find a coating mechanic, and have him coat your ship with this resin! Simply put, that will enable your ship to travel under the sea!
Franky: Seriously?
Hachi: That's the only way humans can reach Fishman Island. However, if you get an amateur to do it... The ship, and the humans riding it, would be crushed by the water-pressure. I know one mechanic who's trustworthy, so I'm gonna take you to him.
Brook: Octopus-san, you are such a nice fellow for helping us so much... Ah, he is a nice octopus!
Hachi: In exchange... I'd like you to make just a single promise to me.
Luffy: Sure, what is it?
Hachi: Once we enter the city, we might run into the World Nobles walking around there.
Chopper: World Nobles?
Luffy: Who are they?
Robin: The citizens of the Holy Land, Mariejoa.
Luffy: And, what about them?
Hachi: No matter what might happen in the city... I want you to promise that you won't lay a hand on the World Nobles!
Nami: No matter what...?
Sanji: What do you...?
Hachi: Got it? Even if someone were to be killed... Right before your very eyes... Just pretend you didn't see anything! I'll say it one more time... Just pretend you didn't see anything!
Luffy: The Sabaody Archipelago is so cool! There are so many things I've never seen before here!
Chopper: A guy with a soap-bubble on his head is coming here!
Luffy: There's a dog with a soap-bubble, too!
Hachi: Not good! Everyone, bow down to them! Don't make eye-contact with them!
