Narrator: Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world... Out to the seas.
Gold Roger: My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place.
Narrator: Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now... In the Grand Age of Pirates! After a conflict with Duval and the Flying Fish Riders... Straw Hat Luffy and his crew set off towards Fishman Island.
Hachi: So... What do you think... Nami?
Nami: It's not like I'll forgive you just because of this, you know.
Hachi: Of course not! That's not what I meant! I just wanted to know what you think!
Nami: It's really good!
Hachi: Really? Is that so?
Pappagg: There are actually two routes you can take to reach the New World! But only one of them is accessible for outlaws, like yourselves! The passage you're taking will allow you to get through with your ship and everything! That passage is known as... The Ocean-floor Route... Which goes straight by Fishman Island!
Caimie: Inside of that huge wall, circling the globe... The Red Line... lies a small hole in a certain spot. And that's where Fishman Island is!
Narrator: In order to enable the ship to travel under water... Luffy and the others set their course for a certain island.
Pappagg: Here we are! This is the Sabaody Archipelago!
Luffy: Awesome! One popped out from the ground! That's really funny! I got on it!
Chopper: That's really nice!
Nami: By the way, Hachi... What's our goal on this island?
Hachi: We have to find a coating mechanic, and have him coat your ship with this resin! Simply put, it will enable your ship to travel under the sea!
Franky: Seriously?
Narrator: In order to meet up with the coating mechanic Hachi knew... Luffy and the others landed at the Sabaody Archipelago. Tyranny! The Rulers of Sabaody, the Celestial Dragons
Sanji: Everyone left for the town... You're not going?
Franky: We used up all our cola in that battle back there. Taking care of the ship is my job!
Usopp: Of course, I wanted to help out as well! Once we're done, let's head out, all three of us. This island looks fun!
Sanji: Nah... I can't leave the ship before someone comes back.
Usopp: Huh, why?
Sanji: Well, you see... My beloved Nami-san said...
Nami: Hmm, this is a problem... We've got tons of treasure stored on the ship right now... Is there a knight around who would safeguard it?
Sanji: Ta-daah! It's me!
Usopp: You really do anything Nami wants you to, huh?
Sanji: I am a slave of love!
Usopp: There's no point if you admit it yourself... Huh? Hey! Zoro!
Sanji: Hello?! Zoro-kun?!
Usopp and Sanji: Where are you going, all by yourself?
Zoro: For a walk. So what?
Usopp: STOP IT!
Sanji: DON'T, YOU'LL GET LOST, DAMN IT! THIS IS AN ARCHIPELAGO, YOU KNOW! WE WON'T BE ABLE TO FIND YOU!
Zoro: LIKE I'D GET LOST! Who'd get lost on an island like this, where it's so easy to find your way? Each of the trees have a number on them, right? Even a kid with the worst sense of direction would be able to find his way!
Usopp: You'd thought that far ahead?
Sanji: I didn't think of that. Sorry! Be careful!
Usopp: Don't forget to ask for directions!
Sanji: Don't believe in yourself!
Zoro: They're going way overboard. As long as I don't forget the number on this tree... Number one, right? Why do they keep looking down on me? No way anyone would get lost around here. I can't believe those guys...
Hachi: The World Nobles are also known as the Celestial Dragons. They're really arrogant, and wear a mask so they don't have to breathe the same air as everyone else. No matter what, don't try to oppose those guys. I need you to promise that!
Luffy: Sure!
Hachi: And there are several other things to look out for. Like I said earlier, this island is where everyone who wants to go to the New World, gathers. There are plenty of big-name pirates like yourselves... and then there are marines and bounty-hunters trying to catch them. Also... Even if pirates are taken away by slave-traders, the law won't protect them. If you do anything to get yourselves noticed, they'll go after you instantly, so be careful! The marines around here are not to be taken lightly. These waters are close to the Navy HQ, after all. All the bounty-hunters around here are on a totally different level as well! And there's one more thing...
Luffy: What's that? You're too concerned about stuff! By the way, when did you get that wound?
Hachi: Huh? Oh, don't worry about it. Caimie and I are not a mermaid and a fishman, okay? While we're here, please pretend that we're ordinary people.
Luffy: Huh? Why?
Hachi: It's just easier like that.
Robin: We should follow the customs of the culture around here, Luffy. Let's just do as the octopus told us to.
Person: There we go... Slowly, slowly...
Luffy: I'm in!
Brook and Chopper: How amusing!
Robin: It really is mysterious...
Luffy: I'm getting into it! None of the air is coming out, either!
Person: Well, then... How about putting this in?
Luffy: Like this?
Person: Is that about the right height? Now you can drive around with it.
Luffy: I'm moving!
Chopper: Awesome!
Luffy: This is fun!
Brook: It is not breaking!
Person: Aren't they convenient, the Sabaody Archipelago's exclusive Bubble Bike? How about it? If you want to rent it, it's 500 beli per person. If you want to buy it, it's 1000 beli! Cheap, isn't it?
Hachi: Then, we'll rent one.
Luffy: I want one! I'm gonna buy it with my spending money!
Chopper: Me too, me too!
Hachi: Don't. There's no point in buying it, just rent one.
Luffy: Why should you get to decide that?
Chopper: That's right!
Hachi: Uh, I'll tell you the reason later. Old man! We'll rent two more of them.
Person: Oh, you're a local, huh? That's too bad...
Nami: This feels great!
Caimie: Doesn't it?
Robin: There are many different kinds, huh?
Brook: I suddenly feel like singing.
Luffy: I'm definitely buying one of these Bubble bikes!
Hachi: Straw Hat... You rode the soap bubbles into the sky when we first got here, right? Why did you fall?
Luffy: Oh, well, when I reached the top of the trees, I thought I'd go even higher... but then all the soap bubbles around me suddenly started popping... and then the one I was riding did, too... So, I ended up falling.
Hachi: That's because you left the Sabaody Archipelago's unique atmosphere. This place has a special, unique climate specifically suited to the Yarukiman Mangroves. But once you leave that climate, the soap bubbles won't be strong enough to stay whole.
Robin: Is that so? Then, that means that you can only ride the soap bubbles... for as long as you stay on the island, doesn't it?
Hachi: That's how it is. People who come here for the first time often buy a Bubble bike... but that's basically a rip-off. Renting one is good enough.
Luffy: NO, I think I'll buy one! I don't accept that explanation at all...
Nami: You don't get it, do you? In short, once you leave the island, the soap bubbles will break. It's mysterious, isn't it?
Luffy: Whazzat?! They just mysteriously break? Why didn't you say so right away?!
Nami: That's what he was just telling you!
Caimie: Ah, but Luffy-chin, you can use them at Fishman Island. We've got soap bubbles on the ocean floor, too.
Luffy: I wanna go to Fishman Island soon~ I'm really looking forward to it~
Pappagg: In that case, you should meet the mermaid princess! She's so beautiful, I can't even describe it! I can't look away from her myself!
Brook: I will be looking forward to that. I have a good eye for beauties... Though being a skeleton, I do not have eyes. Eh, are you listening?
Luffy: Wow, this looks good!
Chopper: What's Graman?
Person: They're Grand Line Manjuus! Or Graman for short. Would you like to taste some? You can see that it's got "Grand Line First Half" written on it, right? The idea is to take them into the New World as a souvenir of sorts. They'll last for about three months, so don't worry about it!
Brook: This tastes great! May I open another package?
Person: Aren't you gonna buy any?!
Robin: Grove 35... There are lots of hotels here, aren't there?
Hachi: It's the living quarters for those waiting for permission to pass through Mariejoa.
Pappagg: It's really easy to make these hotels... See that over there? They just coat those huge soap bubbles in a special alloy, and the foundation is done. That's how they make those round buildings.
Robin: Really?
Nami: Robin! Isn't that a shopping mall?!
Person: Come back any time!
Luffy: Grasen... Grachoco...
Chopper: A key-holder!
Brook: A pennant!
Pappagg: Hold on to those memories!
Caimie: You bought a lot of them, huh?
Hachi: Carrying that around everywhere should be a problem... Put them in the Bubble bag.
Luffy: Bubble bag? It's so light! You don't need to put in any effort to carry your luggage on this island, huh?
Chopper: Huh? Where did Nami and Robin go?
Caimie: They went to the shopping mall in Grove 30. They said they'd leave the coating of the ship to us.
Luffy: Oh, so that's it? Right! Leave it to us!
Chopper: Where are we going?
Hachi: To Grove 31. We've still got a long way to go, even with the Bubble bike. We're going now.
Robin: Even though we invited her, Caimie-chan wouldn't come with us...
Nami: She's seemed more reserved ever since we arrived on this island... What could be bothering Caimie?
Robin: Perhaps there is some sort of bad history on this island...?
Nami: Bad history...?
Caimie: This is so fast!
Hachi: Hey, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I'm here!
Hachi: Straw Hat!
Luffy: I'm in the lead!
Hachi: Don't get cocky! There's still a long way to go!
Caimie: Go, Hacchin!
Chopper: How did this turn into a race?
Man: Please release me! Please! Please... Please get this off me! I'm... I'm... I'm going back home! Huh? What's all the commotion about? I'm begging you! Hey! I'm asking you a favor here! Anyone's fine! An axe! A saw! Anything will do! Just give me something! I just want to get this off my neck! I won't hurt anyone! I've given up on going to the New World! I've got a wife and a child back home! I'm begging you! Please lend me a hand! I wanna go home! Last time I saw my kid, he was still a baby... He still doesn't even know what I look like! I'm begging you!
Luffy: He's...
Man: I wanna go home! Hey, please! Please help me!
Hachi: Don't get involved. He's probably a pirate who was caught by kidnappers and sold as a slave... His owner probably brought him to this island, and he made a run for it! Even though he should know that he can't escape!
Chopper: W-What's that sound?
Man: Damn! This ring! If I could just get this off my neck! Damn it! No! Stop! Please stop! Hey! Hey! Damn it all to Hell!
Hachi: Slaves always have those chains attached to their necks... If they try to take them off or run away, they'll explode!
Man: Just let me buy some souvenirs and go home... I've given up on being a pirate...
People: It's a slave who tried to run away! Get away! Don't get involved with him!
Brook: L-Look at that... We have to help him!
Pappagg: Idiot! You promised to not get involved, no matter what, right?!
Chopper: What's with this city?!
Caimie: Hacchin, what are we going to do?! The Celestial Dragons are nearby!
Hachi: It's alright. Calm down, Caimie! Straw Hat! Get out of the Bubble bike!
Luffy: Huh? Why?
Hachi: Just hurry up and do it!
Luffy: Uh, sure... Alright.
People: They're here!
Luffy: Are those the Celestial Dragons?
Hachi: You have to bow down too!
Luffy: Why?
Hachi: No matter what, don't look them in the eyes! You too!
Brook and Chopper: Right!
Lady: My, how vulgar, Saruu!
Luffy: Them, huh?
Hachi: Yeah...
Lady: Oh no, Father. Yet another one has been broken.
World Noble: Did you make sure to give him his tranquilizer every day?
Lady: Why, yes, I did. However, it appears that it does not work on fools like this one. Would you please buy me a new one?
World Noble: Your disciplining skills are truly terrible. You keep destroying my captain collection, one after another...
Lady: This one is certainly useless. Hmph! So you meet your end amidst crying families and grown men... You are just a mere human!
Luffy: He can't even move any more!
Lady: You disgust me!
Luffy: Why, that-!
Hachi: Please, wait!
Lady: I would like a giant slave next.
World Noble: You should start with a human child.
Lady: But I detest the weak.
Hachi: Please don't do anything rash!
Person: It's the marines!
Marine: Move it, move it!
Hachi: First off, we should get away from here!
Brook: How about some tea? It will help you calm down.
Caimie: I feel terrible...
Luffy: Think that guy will be alright?
Hachi: He's a pirate, so even if they save him, he'll just be sent to prison.
Chopper: That pirate should be able to beat that old guy and the woman, right? Why?!
Pappagg: If you hurt one of the Celestial Dragons... an admiral from Navy HQ and a fleet of battle ships will come here.
Luffy: An admiral... Aokiji?!
Pappagg: It could be Akainu or Kizaru... There's no way to know who'd show up. The HQ is right next to us, after all.
Chopper: What makes those guys so special?!
Pappagg: Those guys are descendants of the creators!
Chopper: The creators?
Pappagg: 800 years ago, a group of 20 kings formed the organization known as the World Government. The Celestial Dragons are their descendants. And over the course of the years... They've come to abuse their incredible influence.
Luffy: The Celestial Dragons...
Bounty-hunters: It's him. Yeah... No mistaking it... It's Straw Hat Luffy. He's worth 300 million beli!
Chopper: Shakki's Rip-Off Bar?!
Shakki: Monkey-chan, is it? Welcome.
Luffy: You know me?
Shakki: No way I wouldn't know of the 300 million man, Luffy. However, at this archipelago, there are people with higher bounties than you.
Chopper: Higher than Luffy?!
