Narrator: Wealth. Fame. Power. The man who once owned everything, The Pirate King, Gold Roger. The words he said before his death, Sent all the people of the world... Out to the seas.
Gold Roger: My treasure? If you want it, I'll give it to you! Find it! I left everything in that place.
Narrator: Men, searching for romance, Pushed forward towards the Grand Line. The world is now... In the Grand Age of Pirates! While heading towards their next destination, Fishman Island... Luffy and the others learned that they had to get Sunny coated, so they set their course straight for the Sabaody Archipelago.
Pappagg: Here we are! This is the Sabaody Archipelago!
Narrator: The Archipelago seemed like a fun place at first glance, but while Luffy and the others were searching for a coating mechanic... the World Nobles, also known as the Celestial Dragons... demonstrated what would happen if they caused an uproar.
Man: Damn! If I could just get this off my neck...
World Noble man: Your disciplining skills are truly terrible.
World Noble lady: You disgust me!
Luffy: Why, that-!
Hachi: Please, wait! Please don't do anything rash!
Chopper: That pirate should have been able to beat an old man and a woman, right? So why?!
Pappagg: If you hurt one of the Celestial Dragons... an admiral from the Navy HQ and a fleet of battle ships will come here. Those guys are the descendants of the creators!
Chopper: The creators?
Pappagg: 800 years ago, a group of 20 kings formed the organization known as the World Government. The Celestial Dragons are their descendants.
Narrator: And then, approaching Luffy and the others from the shadows...
Bounty-hunter: Straw Hat Luffy... He's worth 300 million beli! What's with this damn skeleton?! I'll exorcise you...?!
Bounty-hunter 2: Why you...!
Bounty-hunter: Wait!
Bounty-hunters: He's as fast as a monkey! Be careful!
Bounty-hunter: Damn! How can all of them be so strong?! In that case... I'll take that woman as a hostage!
Hachi: Oh, damn it! Caimie! Pappagg!
