Narrator: We are in the Great Pirate Era. Looking for the great treasure One Piece... left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger, a struggle between countless pirates began. The young boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit... Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many who went to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have experienced countless adventures, and not even the World Government can ignore their existance any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: The crew, aiming for the New World... will advance on the Grand Line once again today! Looking for a coating mechanic, whom they would need to get to Fishman Island, the Straw Hat crew landed on the Sabaody Archipelago. During their adventure, their new friend, the mermaid Caimie, was kidnapped. Nami and the others arrived at the auction that the captured Caimie had been taken to.
Disco: The mermaid Caimie, from Fishman Island!
Hachi: Caimie! They brought out Caimie!
Nami: Alright, we're gonna get her back! We've got 200 million, after all!
Narrator: However, Nami's plan was instantly shattered due to an unexpected development.
Charlos: I'll booy her foor five hundred million!
Nami: What's that? We don't have that much!
Chopper: This can't be happening! They can't take our friend away just because we don't have enough money!
Narrator: And then...
Sanji: Luffy!
Caimie: Luffy-chin!
Luffy: Caimie! We looked for you! Thank God!
Hachi: Wait a minute, Straw Hat! What are you going to do?!
Narrator: Hachi tried to stop Luffy, who was trying to save Caimie, but... he was taken down with the gunshot of a Celestial Dragon.
Hachi: You can't... get upset... You promised... that even if someone were shot right before your eyes... you wouldn't lay a hand on the Celestial Dragons, right?!
Charlos: Damn fish! Even after I shot yoo, yoo keep on blabbering! Yoo're annoying! Yoo, what's with that look of yoors?
Pappagg: You won't get off easily if you do that!
Law: Hey, Straw Hat...
Kid: Is he serious?!
Charlos: Yoo're annoying, too!
Soldier: S-Saint Charlos...
Rosward: C-Charlos!
Luffy: Sorry, you guys. If I hit these guys, they'll call an admiral from the Navy and a warship here, right?
Zoro: Because you went and beat him up... ...I didn't get to cut him.
Nami: Hachi! Hang in there!
Hachi: You guys... did something terrible...
Nami: Well, it's Luffy we're talking about, so we couldn't help it.
Sanji: Well, then...
Franky: Then, it's clear what we've gotta do next, right?
Chopper: I'm sure the key to Caimie's neck-ring is somewhere behind the stage. I have to take a look at Hachi's injuries, so I'll leave this to you!
Pappagg: You guys...!
Rosward: Charlos!
Sharlia: Ah! Big brother Charlos! Not even Father has ever hit him!
Rosward: Why, you...! How dare a lesser human like yourself lay a hand on my son?!
Man: H-He angered the Celestial Dragons!
Crowd: Run, outside!
Rosward: I shall let you know what happens when you lay a hand on the descendants of this world's creators! Think we care about that, bastard?!
Soldier: How dare you attack Saint Rosward?!
Sanji: Get going, Franky! Go free Caimie!
Franky: Got it! I'll handle it superbly!
Soldiers: Troops coming through! Capture the pirates!
Chopper: They just keep coming!
Slave-trader: What did you say?!
Giant: How noisy. Seems like something happened.
Rayleigh: It's empty... Well, then...
Giant: Gramps...
Soldier: You fool, trying to protect a mere fish!
Luffy: TL Note: Rubber Rubber Whip
Soldiers: Got you!
Zoro: TL Note: Tornado
Franky: And... Move it, move it, move it!
Sharlia: What destructive power!
Rosward: Damn you!
Nami: Noooo! Don't come here! Beware of thunderclouds. Excuse me.
Franky: Yay!
Rosward: So, you people intend to defy us to the very end?!
Luffy: TL Note: Rubber Rubber Axe Caimie isn't for sale!
Rosward: Call an admiral and a warship here! Show them what they're up against!
Usopp: We're still not there?
Rider: We've reached Grove 1, so we're almost there!
Rider 2: Straw Hat, the bouncy girl, the young master, the swordsman, the underwear guy, and the reindeer have all arrived.
Usopp: Then, the late ones are... Robin, and... Brook, and... Me?! How could I, Usopp-sama, be late?! Hurry! Go! Get going! Step on it! Go! Ah, what a beautiful sky... Wait! I'm saved...
Rider: Getting off in mid-air is dangerous, you know!
Usopp: You were the one who threw me off!
Robin: Don't try to go too fast. Bye, now.
Brook: We will be going on ahead!
Usopp: Hey, everyone, wait for me!
Rayleigh: It would be a waste to buy humans with this. I think I'll put this to better use.
Luffy: There's no end to them!
Sanji: You said it! My shoe heel is going to waste.
Soldiers: Prepare yourselves!
Zoro: Duck! TL Note: 36 Pound Cannon/Phoenix of 36 Earthly Desires
Luffy and Sanji: YOU TRYING TO KILL US?!
Zoro: I warned you, didn't I?
Luffy and Sanji: YOU WERE TOO SOFT!
Hachi: Caimie!
Caimie: Hacchin!
Hachi: Are you alright? They didn't hurt you, did they?
Caimie: I'm fine. But Hacchin, what about you?!
Hachi: Don't worry! Who do you think I am? I'm the takoyaki merchant, Hachi, you know! Just hold on for a bit longer! Wait right there!
Caimie: Sure! Hacchin, everyone...!
Killer: Just like the rumors said.
Kid: Yeah. He's one crazy guy.
Law: Straw Hat Luffy... A bounty of 300 million beli, huh?
Robin: It seems like there's already quite an uproar down there. Waves of people are rushing for the exits.
Brook: In any case, we have to crash down there. Let us charge in, right now!
Riders: Understood!
Usopp: Wait, I'm not ready for this!
Robin: Let's go.
Usopp: I've got the "I can't go to the Auction Hall"-sickness...
Man: Another flying fish!
Robin: Thank you!
Rider: Be careful! Alright, good luck!
Brook: I'm off! My waist just made a snapping sound.
Chopper: Brook!
Brook: I am just bones, so drinking milk should heal me! I am just bones, and ta-dah! Viva calcium! Now, excuse me for taking so long...
Soldier: Damn pirate!
Disco: God damn it! Guard the mermaid! She's worth 500 million! We're gonna get 500 million for her!
Sharlia: Hurry up and put this to an end!
Usopp: I've kept you waiting, ladies and gentlemen! Now that I, the great Usopp-sama have arrived, you need not be afraid! It's a given that the hero always shows up at the last moment! After all, that's just the way I do things! So high! Now that I'm here, maybe I should wait a little longer...?
Rider: Just go already!
Usopp: I didn't want to go, you know!
Rosward: These people... I will have the women stuffed and mounted! And the men will be sentenced to slavery without food!
Sharlia: Father!
Usopp: Huh? That didn't hurt all that much... Sorry, old man!
Soldier: Even Saint Rosward...!
Slave-trader: Those pirates committed another sin!
Luffy: Usopp, Robin, Brook!
Nami: Now, we're all here!
Usopp: Luffy! Where's Caimie?
Luffy: There she is! As soon as we manage to remove that exploding neck-ring, we're out of here!
Nami: If we don't hurry, a warship and an admiral will arrive!
Law: The Navy is already here, Straw Hat.
Luffy: What's up with you? And what's with the bear?
Law: Those guys have had this hall surrounded since before the auction started. After all, there's a HQ outpost right on this archipelago.
Voice: Please leave in an orderly fashion. It's alright! We're here!
Law: I have no idea who they wanted to catch... They couldn't have known that someone would beat up the Celestial Dragons though, right? You've showed me something rather interesting... Straw Hat Crew.
Robin: You are Trafalgar Law, right? Luffy, he's a pirate.
Luffy: Huh? The bear too?
Robin: And the man standing over there, is Eustass "Captain" Kid.
Brook: That is the man with a bounty higher than Luffy-san's?!
Sharlia: Unforgivable! Now that it has come to this, I will just kill the mermaid they came to save!
Disco: The 500 million beli! Please... please wait, Princess Sharlia! We haven't recieved the payment for that item yet! Please! Wait! Princess Sharlia! Princess Sharlia!
Sharlia: Be quiet, you inferior human! Now, fish, I shall finish you off for good this time!
Sanji: Damn it! Caimie-chan!
Sharlia: Stop trying to resist!
Usopp: Damn it!
Sharlia: Die, now.
Hachi; Chopper and Pappagg: Caimie!!!
Nami: No! We won't make it!
Servant: P-Princess Sharlia!
Rayleigh: Have a look at that, Giant-kun! The hall is a complete mess. Seems like the auction is over. Seeing how I've stolen some money, I guess I'll be returning to the gambling hall.
Giant: What a foul old man you are... You came here just so you could steal money?
Rayleigh: I wanted to steal from whoever bought me as well... Well, that's impossible now... Oh, right, it was empty. First, I've gotta get some more sake. Although, come to think about it... I'm pretty old, so who would want a slave like me? What? Seems like I drew some unwanted attention...
Soldier: What's with that old man and the giant?
Slave-trader: Weren't they auction items?! How'd they get out of their cages?! Their neck-rings are gone! How'd they get them off?!
Soldier 1: What should we do?
Soldier 2: What...? We weren't hired to catch prisoners who have escaped! There's no way we could restrain a giant!
Hachi: R-Rayleigh!
Chopper: Rayleigh? You mean, the ship-coater?! Which one of them?
Rayleigh: Why, if it isn't Hachi! It's you, right? It's been a while! What are you doing here? Where'd you get that wound? Oh, you don't have to tell me. So this means... I get it... I've figured out what has happened. You've gotten yourself into quite a mess, huh, Hachi? Were you the ones who saved him? Well, then...
Kid: This guy...
Law: No way!
Usopp: Huh? What? What did he just do?!
Sanji: What's with this old man?!
Rayleigh: That straw hat of yours... It really fits a fearless man like yourself. I've wanted to meet you... Monkey D. Luffy!
Kizaru: So they hurt the World Nobles... I guess I've gotta get going, then.
