Narrator: We are in the Great Pirate Era. Looking for the great treasure One Piece... left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger, a struggle between countless pirates began. The young boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit... Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many who went to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have experienced countless adventures, and not even the World Government can ignore their existance any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: The crew, aiming for the New World... will advance on the Grand Line once again today!
Pappagg: This is the Sabaody Archipelago!
Narrator: In order to get to Fishman Island, the Straw Hat Crew learned that they had to get their ship coated, so they went to the Sabaody Archipelago, along with Hachi and the others.
Disco: Well then, here it comes! Please take a good look!
Narrator: However, the mermaid Caimie, whom they had just met, was kidnapped and brought to an auction to be sold off.
Charlos: FIVE HUNDRED MILLION! I'll booy her foor five hundred million!
Pappagg: Stop it, Straw! You won't be let off easily if you do that!
Charlos: Yoo're annoying, too!
Sharlia: Stop trying to resist!
Rayleigh: It's alright, just stay still.
Pappagg: Stop! Please stop! Caimie!
Usopp: He removed the collar with his bare hands?!
Narrator: The sudden appearance of Rayleigh, the ship-coater allowed Luffy and the others to rescue Caimie.
Navy: Criminals inside, please release the Roswald Family! An admiral will be here shortly!
Marine: W-What's this circle? Be careful! These three are Devil Fruit users! Break Through the Encirclement! The Navy vs. the Three Captains This is the rescue team! We've reached the back-door. We're going in! The rescue team has made it inside the building!
Marine captain: Until we've verified the safety of the hostages, we will cease all attacks on the building!
Marine: Yes, sir!
Marine 1: Find them!
Marine 2: Hurry!
Marine 3: This is the rescue team! We've just reached the stage! Alright, should we attack them?
Marine 4: No, we can't! We were only ordered to confirm the safety of the hostages! The lives of the Celestial Dragons have the absolute highest priority here! First off, we need to confirm that they're safe!
Marine: I can't believe that the mortar cannons didn't work on all three of them!
Marine 2: Seems like they've earned their reputations!
Marine 3: Think this is the time to be impressed?! Somehow, we've got to hold them off until Admiral Kizaru arrives!
Law: Think we're gonna wait for that?
Marine: A head!
Marine-head: Wait, don't throw me!
Marine: How can you talk?!
Marine-head: I don't know! Also, my body feels hot for some reason...
Marine: Your body?! You have a body?!
Marine 2: His body is burning up over there!
Marine-head: It's so hot! My body is burning!
Marine: You can feel it?!
Marine 2: Will someone pour some water on him?
Marine-head: I thought I was gonna die... Everyone, be careful! That guy... Don't get into the circles he creates!
Marine: Y-You mean this?
Marine-head: Yeah, it's this thing...
Marines: We were cut!
Marine-head: What's going on here?!
Law: Just relax... This'll be over soon.
Luffy: This arm is the arm of a giant!
Marine-captain: Don't hesitate! Ready your weapons! Shoot! Shoot all of them!
Marine: But Commodore! Our weapons... They're flying away!
Marine-captain: W-What the...?!
Zoro: What?!
Sanji: What's going on here?!
Brook: What is this?!
Marine: What?
Marine 2: What's with that guy?!
Law: This is no time to get distracted.
Marine: W-What the?!
Marine 2: Hey, that's my leg!
Marine 3: Then whose leg is that?!
Marine 4: You've got too many torsos!
Marine 5: Like I didn't know that!
Kid: Eat this!
Zoro: Hey! It's already this bad?
Brook: Amazing! My eyes must be deceiving me!
Pirate: Oh, man... You're overdoing it, Captain...
Rayleigh: Why, these guys aren't half bad.
Killer: They sure are impatient...
Law: Hey, what happened to you, Straw Hat? You're ruining the mood.
Luffy: Really?
Kid: Well, I guess we've pretty much ruined their formation now.
Marine: Commodore, it seems all the pirates have come out of the auction house.
Marine-captain: They're planning to run away! Well, these brats shouldn't underestimate us! Our reinforcements are on their way!
Marine: We've gotten the three hostages out through the back door.
Marine-captain: Aim the mortar cannons at the people who don't have abilities! Firing squad, get behind them! All forces, prepare to attack! Take out these pirates!
Kid: Here they come. The enemy seems to have run out of strategies. Now it's just a brawl.
Luffy: I'm back to normal!
Kid: Well, see ya later, Straw Hat. It was a pleasure meeting you in person... but I won't show you any mercy the next time we meet!
Luffy: But I'll be the one who finds One Piece!
Killer: Hey, Kid! What are you just standing around for?!
Kid: Hey, Killer. On the route that we took to get here... Whenever we said we were gonna find One Piece, people just laughed at us... Although I killed anyone who dared to laugh... But after this... we're going to an ocean where anyone who doesn't have the guts to say it will die. Let's meet again in the New World! Let's go, you guys!
Kid-pirates: Yeah!
Marine: Trafalgar Law! How dare you do that to my mate back then?!
Law: Bepo.
Bepo: Huh? Captain, are you going back there?
Usopp: Hey, Luffy!
Luffy: You're here, huh? All right, we'd better get going as well! Let's go! All right, come at me! Oh, Sanji!
Sanji: Luffy, look over there!
Duval: Hey! Young master and friends!
Luffy: Flying Fish guys!
Duval: Huh? Did you just say I'm handsome?
Luffy: No, I didn't say that...
Duval: More importantly, we're all set to go! Aren't we, men?
Riders: Yes! Life is rosy!
Sanji: I'm not too happy about relying on those guys again, but I guess we've got to hurry.
Luffy: Right, let's go!
Sanji: There's no choice!
Marine: Straw Hat is running away!
Brook: The two of you, hurry and go while you have the chance!
Luffy: Yeah...
Sanji: Don't fall asleep!
Marine: Are you an ally of the pirates, you scum?!
Duval: N-No, I'm not! I ain't even a pirate!
Marine: What?
Duval: T'was scary...!
Rider: Head! He was traumatized back when Navy HQ tried to kill him, and yet...
Rider 2: He endured it, huh? That's amazing!
Duval: Shaddup! Think this be the right time to be talkin' about traumas and stuff like that? We've got to help the young masters, whom I owe my life to, out of this pinch!
Zoro: Old man, Franky, go on ahead!
Rayleigh: Sure, thanks!
Marines: Don't let them get away!
Usopp: How many of them are there, anyway?!
Rayleigh: My blood is boiling!
Franky: You sure are an energetic old man!
Usopp: Hey, hurry up, the three of you!
Luffy: Sure!
Marine: Don't let the Straw Hat Crew get away! They're responsible for all this! Shoot them! Shoot them!!!
Marine 2: What is that?
Jambarl: Why?
Marine: That's Saint Rosward's slave!
Marine 2: How'd he get those chains off?
Law: Wanna come with me, pirate, Captain Jambarl?
Jambarl: It's been a long time since anyone called me that! As long as it means that you'll free me from the Celestial Dragons, I'll gladly become your subordinate!
Law: You should save half of that graditude for the Straw Hats.
Marines: Don't let them get away! Chase them!
Luffy: Alright, I'm counting on you!
Riders: Leave it to us!
Marines: Don't let them get away! Shoot them! Shoot them!
Franky: Damn, can't this slow cow go any faster?!
Duval: Well... This is our top speed...
Rayleigh: They're following us.
Franky: There must be some way we can go faster...
Marines: They went that way!
Marine: Don't let them escape, no matter what!
Pirate: They're still following us, even after we destroyed the bridge...
Kid: Of course they are. The marines will probably be there when we return to the city, too. Let's hurry and get off the island.
Killer: Kid!
Pirate: Chief Kid!
Kid: Up there.
Killer: It can't be...
Kid: Why... are you on this island?!
Marine: What a quick witted bear! We can't even touch him!
Marine 2: How can a bear speak?!
Bepo: I'm sorry...
Marines: He's too sensitive!
Law: Hurry up, Bepo!
Marines: Damn! They destroyed the bridge!
Bepo: You're new, so you're my subordinate.
Jambarl: As long as I'm not a slave, anything is fine!
Usopp: Seems we lost them somehow...
Luffy: Alright! Set a course straight for the amusement park!
Sanji and Usopp: Idiot!
Rayleigh: We're really going fast now! You're really good, building this thing so quickly!
Duval: You said it! You're amazing, increasing our speed this much!
Franky: Yeah, I guess.
Duval: I'm pretty sure this is where Peterman's base is...
Franky: Peterman?
Pirate: Captain, look at that!
Law: Eustass and... That's...! What's one of the Seven Warlords doing in a place like this?!
Kuma: Trafalgar Law...
Law: So, you know my name?
Bepo: Captain!
Jambarl: We're right next to Navy HQ and Mariejoa... It wouldn't be strange running into anyone here.
Pirate: The marines are coming at us from behind!
Kid: This guy isn't gonna let us pass, is he? Trafalgar, you're in my way!
Law: You want me to kill you? I told you not to order me around, didn't I? I'm running into a lot of big shots today... I don't wanna meet an admiral on top of all this, so... I shall make you let us pass... ...Bartholomew Kuma!
Luffy: Pops, you were on the Pirate King's ship?!
Rayleigh: I was the vice-captain, Silvers Rayleigh.
