Narrator: We are in the Great Pirate Era. Looking for the great treasure One Piece... left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger, a struggle between countless pirates began. The young boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit... Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many who went to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have experienced countless adventures, and not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: The crew, aiming for the New World... will advance on the Grand Line once again today! The Straw Hat Crew had arrived on the Sabaody Archipelago, and succeeded in rescuing the kidnapped Caimie. But the marines had been waiting to intercept them, and a battle started.
Duval: We're all set to go!
Narrator: After breaking through the navy  blockade, they made an immediate escape... Roger and Rayleigh The Pirate King and his Right Hand
Slave-trader: Are you alive, Peterman-san?! How could they do this to our boss?! Damn it!
Slave-trader 2: But... I never thought Duval would look  so handsome under his iron mask!
Duval: Then, if you ever need anything, just call me! We'll be your arms and legs until  you're ready to go to Fishman Island!
Luffy: Sure! Thanks a lot, you guys!
Duval: Don't mention it.
Sanji: Stop winking already.
Duval: Also... This belongs to the mermaid, right?
Caimie: My backpack!
Duval: That idiot, Peterman had it.
Caimie: Thank you!
Duval: Now, let's go, Rosy-life riders!
Riders: Yes, Handrosy!
Luffy: They've got quite a few different names for him, huh?
Sanji: They're probably still trying to find a good one.
Rayleigh: Let's hurry and get inside.
Chopper: We've got to stabilize Hachi!
Rayleigh: Hey, Shakki! We're back!
Shakki: Oh, Ray-san, welcome back. That was fast. I'm really impressed that you guys found him, Monkey-chan.
Rayleigh: Hachi is badly injured, so we've got to get him to the bed fast.
Shakki: What happened? Never mind, I'll get a bed ready for him.
Luffy: Say, Pops... You said we'd talk later... WHAT?! ON THE PIRATE KING'S SHIP?!
Rayleigh: Yes... I was the vice-captain. I'm Silvers Rayleigh. Nice to meet you.
Crew: VICE-CAPTAIN?!
Shakki: You didn't tell them, Hacchan?
Hachi: We only needed him to coat the ship...
Robin: Oh, you didn't notice?
Usopp: I totally know that name!
Nami: It's written down in so many books...
Sanji: That's definitely a name everyone's heard at least once...
Brook: Gold Roger? There might have been a rookie  by that name, or maybe there wasn't...
Zoro: How does that octopus know a big shot like you?
Rayleigh: Well, Hachi helped me out once when I  was stranded at sea over 20 years ago.
Shakki: He saved his life. He was just a child at the time, though.
Rayleigh: Hachi and I used to get along pretty  well before he joined the Sun-pirates.
Luffy: Arlong's crew, right?
Sanji: But... If Gold Roger was executed 22 years ago... How come you, the vice-captain, are still alive? Your crew was captured by the navy, right?
Rayleigh: We weren't captured. Roger surrendered to them. I suppose the government claimed that  they'd "captured" him, to show their power.
Nami: The Pirate King surrendered?! Why?!
Rayleigh: He could see the end of our journey. It was probably about four years before he was executed... Roger caught an incurable disease.
Crew: Huh?
Rayleigh: It was a disease that nobody could cure or stabilize. Even Roger suffered from it, but... But one man, the most well-known doctor of his time... A man called Crocus of the Twin  Capes, had the skill to ease his suffering. We asked him for help, and he joined  as the ship's doctor for our last journey. And then, three years later, while holding off Roger's disease... We did what they said was  impossible, and conquered the Grand Line.
Brook: C-C-Crocus-san?! From the Twin Capes... Oh, how nostalgic!
Usopp: What?! I thought that old man had been at those capes for fifty years! So he was part of the Pirate King's crew?
Nami: Come to think of it, he did say  he'd been a ship's doctor for a while. So he was a pirate for those three years?
Rayleigh: If you met him, then that must mean that he's still well. Crocus only had one condition... That we let him look for a certain  pirate crew whom he wanted to find.
Usopp: Hey, Brook! That must mean he went off to sea to look for you guys!
Brook: So Crocus-san even did something like that for us?
Rayleigh: He was only a crew member for three years... But he was, without a doubt, our comrade. At my age, I would really like to see him again.
Sanji: So, what happened after you conquered the sea?
Rayleigh: After that... Roger became known all over the world as the Pirate King. It's not like he'd been called the Pirate King all along. Titles like that didn't mean much  for a man on the verge of death... But, Roger was happy about it. He was a man who loved doing everything in grand style... Be it celebrations or battles... Even though he knew he wouldn't live  much longer, he seemed to enjoy himself... Eventually, at the captains  orders, the Roger-pirates disbanded. We all went our separate ways, and  one after another, everyone disappeared. I have no idea what our  comrades whom we risked our lives with... Are now, nor what they are doing. Then, one year after the crew dissolved... Roger turned himself in and was arrested. It was decided that he would be  executed in the town he was born in... Loguetown in East Blue. I hear that on that day... Countless pirates who are famous today... Were gathered in the square. The Pirate King's execution was  the center of attention for the world. I didn't go. These were the last words he said to me...
Roger: I'm not gonna die, partner.
Rayleigh: I'm sure both the world  government and the navy were surprised. They had intended for the execution to  be a warning to all the pirates who saw it... But Roger's last words raised  the curtain on the Great Pirate Era!
Roger: My treasures? If you want them, they're yours! Look for them! I left it all at that place.
Rayleigh: Just a few seconds before the  flame of his life went out, it flickered... And he turned it into a blazing  flare that covered the entire world. I've never laughed as hard as I did that night. I've never cried as much as I did that night... Nor have I ever drank as much as I did that night. He led a marvelous life as my captain!
Nami: Seems like we just heard quite the story... It sounds like a completely different story coming from someone who was involved...
Usopp: Then, it's almost as though Roger intended to start this pirate-era!
Rayleigh: I can't say anything for sure about that. Roger died. The ones creating the current era are those who live right now. I'm sure there were a lot of people who received something from Roger in the square that day. Shanks, whom you know well, was one of them.
Luffy: Pops, you know Shanks?
Rayleigh: If you're from East Blue, then maybe  you know a pirate named Buggy as well?
Nami and Zoro: Buggy!
Rayleigh: Those two were swabbies aboard our ship.
Luffy: SHANKS WAS ON THE PIRATE KING'S SHIP?!
Rayleigh: What, he didn't tell you? It was about ten years ago... I encountered him by chance on this island... He'd lost his trademark straw hat and his left arm. When I asked him why, he  excitedly started telling me about you.
Shanks: Rayleigh-san, I was really surprised... There was a kid in East Blue who said  the exact same thing Captain Roger said. Those exact same words as the captain!
Rayleigh: Ever since then, Monkey D. Luffy... I've wanted to meet you someday.
Luffy: Shanks...!
Rayleigh: If Shanks hadn't told me all those things about  you, I wouldn't have told you any of this either. Anyway, you did well to make it this far. He must be awaiting your arrival in the New World.
Luffy: Really? Yeah, he must be! I wanna see him again, too!
Rayleigh: Well, the situation is like this, so... I was supposed to coat your ship, right? I suppose I'd better get to work, then.
Hachi: Come to think of it, ship-coating costs a lot of money...
Rayleigh: No, it's fine, Hachi. I won't take any money from your friends.
Hachi: That's good. Thank you, Rayleigh.
Usopp: I don't really get it, but it's great that he'll do it for free!
Sanji: Thanks for that! You're really generous!
Nami: Seems like we're going to save quite a bit!
Robin: Rayleigh-san...
Rayleigh: Hmm?
Robin: I have a question. Exactly what is the "Will of D"? On the Poneglyph I saw on Sky Island... Roger's name was engraved with the ancient language. How did he know those letters?
Roger: I have come here, and I will lead these words to the end. Pirate Gol D. Roger.
Robin: Do you people know what happened  during the "void century" 900 years ago?
Rayleigh: Yeah, we know. We learned the entire history. However, miss... Don't be hasty. Please push forward with your ship, one step at a time. Perhaps we, as well as Ohara, were too impatient. If I were to tell you the entire history here and now... it's not like you could do anything the way you are now. After you've taken your time to see the world... The conclusion you'll reach might be different from what we found. If you still want to hear it, then I'll tell you everything about the world now.
Robin: No, don't tell me. I'll continue on the journey.
Rayleigh: You'll see it all eventually. It's too bad about what happened to your homeland, Ohara. But Roger couldn't actually read those letters. We were pirates. We couldn't possibly compare to the  genius Clover, or the other Oharans' intelligence. He... Could hear the "voice of all things". That's all there is.
Usopp: Hey, are you sure, Robin? Didn't you just let a great chance slip away?! Hey, old man! I wanna ask something too! The legendary treasure, One Piece... Is it really...
Luffy: USOPP!!! I don't wanna hear where the treasure is! I don't even wanna hear if there IS a treasure or not! I dunno anything about it, but everyone  sets off to sea to find out for themselves! If Pops were to tell us anything here, then I'll quit on becoming Pirate King! If we're gonna have a boring  adventure like that, then I won't do it!
Usopp: Uh, I got it! I got it! Sorry, I just got carried away! I don't wanna hear anything either! Oh, yeah! I've got the "I'll die if I hear anything about One Piece"-disease! So don't you dare say anything, old man!
Rayleigh: Can you do it? The Grand Line far exceeds anything than you can imagine. The enemies will be strong too. Can you conquer such a terrifying sea?
Luffy: I don't wanna conquer anything! It's just that the person with the most freedom on the sea is the Pirate King!
Rayleigh: I see.
Shakki: I'm really a big fan of yours, Monkey-chan.
Rayleigh: The ship is in Grove 41, right? I'll be going there. What about you? The admiral is still coming to this island, you know.
Nami: We'll just cause trouble if we stay here... So, let's go somewhere... And shop!
Usopp: Are you out of your mind?! We're being chased, so we have to stay hidden!
Franky: She's right. If we stay together, people will probably come after us. In order to get off more smoothly,  it'd be better for us to split up in town.
Zoro: Then, we'll just randomly split up into  groups and gather up there when he's done, right?
Sanji: Talking about gathering up like it's a plan... Whose mouth did that come from?
Rayleigh: Shakki, you have that, right?
Shakki: Yeah, I've got one.
Nami: This is a Vivrecard!
Rayleigh: Oh, if you know about it, that makes things easier. I'm a wanted man too... So I think I'll move the ship from  Grove 41 and work on it somewhere else. The coating should take about three days.
Luffy: It takes three whole days?
Rayleigh: Your lives depend on my work, so that's the fastest I can do.
Brook: So, we have to survive for three days... Scary!
Rayleigh: Shall we say sunset in three days? I'm not sure which grove I'll be in... But just follow the Vivrecard, and  I'll be waiting for you with the ship coated. You'd better go buy whatever supplies you'll  need for your underwater trip to Fishman Island.
Caimie: Thanks a lot, Luffy-chin and everyone!
Pappagg: Really, thanks!
Hachi: This all happened because of me, so sorry! To show our gratitude, we'll show you  the way to Fishman Island, so don't worry! Watch out for the navy for the next three days!
Chopper: Hachi, watch your health.
Shakki: Let's meet again in three days. I'll be there to send you off, okay?
Luffy: See ya later, granny! We're up against an admiral! We'll have to make sure that none of us die, eh?
Usopp: Don't say scary stuff like that!
Franky: Three days, huh?
Luffy: Then, let's go... To the amusement park!
Crew: Hey!
Person: I see a warship approaching the port!
Person 2: The admiral has arrived!
Kizaru: Ah, Kizaru here. I've arrived. Requesting a response.
Chopper: Is that navy admiral really coming?
Brook: I don't want to meet him!
Chopper: Aokiji, whom we met before... Had an ice Devil-Fruit, and was ridiculously strong!
Brook: Then the other admirals must have some power too!
Chopper and Brook: Scary!
