Narrator: We are in the Great Pirate Era. Looking for the great treasure One Piece... left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger, a struggle between countless pirates began. The young boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit... Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many who went to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have experienced countless adventures, and not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: The crew, aiming for the New World... will advance on the Grand Line once again today! As the Straw Hat crew was trying to save the mermaid Caimie, they came across the ship coater Rayleigh, whom they had been looking for, in the Auction House.
Rayleigh: Roger turned himself in.
Roger: I'm not gonna die, partner. My treasures? If you want them, they're yours! Look for them! I left it all at that place.
Rayleigh: Can you do it? The Grand Line will continue to exceed anything you can imagine. The enemies will be strong, too. Can you conquer such a terrifying sea?
Luffy: I don't wanna conquer anything! It's just that the person with the most freedom on the sea is the Pirate King!
Rayleigh: I see.
Caimie: Take care!
Pappagg: Don't be too reckless!
Usopp: Yeah, you too!
Chopper: I'll leave Hachi to you!
Nami: We'll see them again in just three days... They're exaggerating...
Usopp: Parting is always sad...
Luffy: See ya later!
Rayleigh: I guess I should go, then.
Luffy: Yeah, I'm counting on you!
Franky: But who'd have thought... that we'd meet one of the Pirate King's crew mate in a place like this? It surprised me. How should I put it... He really left an impression, especially for a geezer.
Usopp: Well, he is the most famous of Roger's crewmates, after all.
Franky: So he was a crew mate on the Oro Jackson, huh?
Tom: I did assist a man named Roger, and I am "DON" proud to have done it!
Franky: I'm glad I met him.
Usopp: So, you're the type of guy who respects his elders?
Franky: It happens from time to time!
Luffy: Hey... Why don't we go to the amusement park?
Franky and Usopp: Will you shut up?!
Franky: Don't you understand the situation we're in?!
Usopp: You still don't get it?!
Chopper and Brook: I want to go...
Franky and Usopp: You, too?!
Pirate: It's Admiral Kizaru! We've got to run!
Marine: Capture the pirates!
Kizaru: Hello?
Marine: There are plenty of wanted pirates around! Look out for those with bounties exceeding 100 million!
Pirates: Run!
Kizaru: Hello? This is Kizaru... Now, that's odd... Hello? How strange...
Pirate 1: This is really bad!
Pirate 2: If I... If I were to take him down, I'd become famous at once!
Pirate 1: Don't be a fool! He's one of the navy's strongest fighters!
Kizaru: Hello, can you hear me?
Pirate 2: Now! You...
Pirate 1: Stop it!
Kizaru: Hello? Hello?
Pirate 1: Hey!
Pirate 2: Damn it, I'll get him this time! What?! Hey, I'm sure I just hit him! It definitely passed through his head!
Kizaru: Now, that's really odd...
Pirate 1: It's obvious that he's got some sort of ability! There's no way a gun would work! Run!
Kizaru: I'd like to ask you a question... I'm looking for a man named Sentoumaru... That guy's my subordinate, you see... Sheesh, I was just asking...
Marine 1: Don't you think that's going too far, Kizaru-san?
Marine 2: You can't destroy the Yarukiman Mangroves!
Kizaru: Oops, seems like I overdid it...
Apoo: He's totally messed up... So, that's Admiral Kizaru?
Pirate: Apoo-san! We're in trouble, too! We have to get away!
Apoo: You're such an idiot. Where's the fun in just running away? We've gotta upset the enemy before we go.
Pirate: What are you planning to do?!
Marine: Hey, move it!
Marine 2: Seems like most of them got away...
Marine 3: Yeah, I guess...
Marine 4: Requesting backup at the port!
Marine 2: What happened?
Marine 4: I don't know! I have no idea, but all our troops... have turned into children and old men!
Marine-kid: What's going on?!
Old marine-guy: My back is killing me...
Bonney: This is classic!
Marine: It's her doing! The one with the bounty of 140 million: Jewelry Bonney!
Bonney: What would you like to become?
Marine: What's wrong?! Hello?! Answer me! Watch out for the rookies with bounties over 100 million! I repeat, watch out for the rookies with bounties over 100 million!
Marine 2: You dog! You're Capone "Gang" Bege, the guy with 138 million on your head, right?!
Marine 3: You'll never reach the sea!
Marine 4: What happened to your subordinates?! Are they moving independently?!
Marine 5: What an unlucky man you are... Surrender!
Bege: I've got you guys beaten... when it comes to military might.
Pirate: Everyone's in panic...
Pirate 2: Captain Hawkins!
Hawkins: There is no need to rush. Our destiny has already been decided.
Kizaru: Oh, I'd like to ask you something...
Pirate: K-Kizaru! W-We'll take care of this...
Pirate 2: Captain, please run away!
Hawkins: Do not panic. I will not die today.
Killer: How do you like that?! He's burnt to a crisp!
Bepo: Back off, Kid Pirates! That hurts!
Jambarl: Got you!
Bepo: It hurts... Huh?
Kid: This is making me impatient. How's this?! Wasting my time...
Law: It's not over yet, Eustass. I guess that wasn't quite enough, was it?
Luffy: I'm telling you, we'll hide in the amusement park!
Nami: Stop lying.
Usopp: You'd just play around, flashily at that.
Nami: You're kidding me!
Luffy: Who're you?
Soldier: We're under attack!
Soldier 2: Don't just stand around!
Soldier 3: Standby to attack! Bring out the cannons!
Soldier 4: Open the gates!
Soldier: Commence attack!
Marines: What?!
Soldier: Shoot!
Marine: What?
Marine 2: This guy's got something inside his body!
Marine: It got bigger...!
Marine 2: What's going on?!
Marine 3: He didn't even do anything!
Soldier: Cavalry, charge!
Marine: Something's coming out of his stomach again! An army is coming out!
Marine 2: Now it's horses?!
Marine: Capone "Gang" Bege... What kind of power does he have?!
Soldiers: Firing squad, take aim!
Soldier: What's with the smoke? Father, there's too much smoke!
Bege: Like I said, I've got you outnumbered!
Man: Hurry up and run!
Bonney: I haven't had enough to eat...
Pirate: I'm sure there's good food on the next island.
Man: Hey, did you hear? It seems that even the Seven Warlords are on the move!
Bonney: The Seven Warlords?!
Urouge: I was only expecting the admiral... I suppose they won't let us pass Navy HQ... But! I've got a bit of a stubborn streak!
Pirate: I'm begging you. Run, Captain Hawkins!
Pirate 2: Captain Hawkins!
Hawkins: Battle: Probability of defeat, 100%...
Kizaru: Do you have a moment?
Hawkins: Escape: Probability of success, 12%...
Kizaru: I'm trying to find a man named Sentoumaru...
Hawkins: Defense: Probability of evasion, 76%...
Kizaru: Heeeey...
Hawkins: I do not know that man. Please ask someone else.
Kizaru: Well, if I can't find him... I won't have anything to do... And with that being the case, there's no way I'd let someone with a bounty like yours, go free. A bounty of 249 million, "The Mage", Basil Hawkins... Speed is weight. Have you ever experienced a light-speed kick?
Pirates: Captain!
Pirate: We're ready to set sail!
Pirate 2: All right, let's go!
Pirate: What happened?!
Pirate 3: Hey, what happened?!
Pirate: I don't know! He just suddenly flew off!
Apoo: He's really strong. Hey, is he still gonna fight?!
Pirate: Hey, what was that? He just suddenly...
Pirate 2: He must have been attacked from somewhere...
Pirate: Captain!
Hawkins: I should have guessed, you are far stronger than I imagined.
Kizaru: How odd...
Hawkins: You've beaten two already... Having only ten bodies against an admiral is pretty discouraging...
Pirate: That's the "Mad Monk", Urouge!
Pirate 2: Not just him! That's one of the Seven Warlords, Bartholomew Kuma!
Urouge: He got me... He's too strong!
Hawkins: There's an even stronger enemy here.
Urouge: Don't tell me... that's Kizaru?! I've got terrible luck! A navy admiral in front of me... A Warlord behind me... Is this the end for me?!
Hawkins: I wouldn't say that. I still do not see the mark of death upon you.
Urouge: Really? Hawkins from North Blue, huh? You may be my enemy, but I appreciate the joke!
Pirate: What? Another one showed up!
Pirate 2: That's "Red Flag", X-Drake! Why?!
Drake: Is that the limit of your strength, Mad Monk?
Urouge: You again, huh?
Kizaru: Rear admiral, Drake...
Drake: Damn, I didn't intend to meet Kizaru!
Urouge: I'm pretty badly beaten, but let's see... if there really is some hope of victory! Now, it's time for my counterattack!
Apoo: Look! This has become quite the situation. Now, this is interesting!
Pirate: We're in trouble! Those guys are all gonna die! This is our chance to run, right?!
Apoo: What're you saying? This is where the fun begins!
Luffy: Who're you?
Usopp: Stand back, Luffy!
Nami: He's one of the Seven Warlords!
Luffy: Seven Warlords? How do you know?
Sanji: No matter what, don't let that attack hit you! It's a shockwave!
Nami: What's this?!
Usopp: He could even do this?!
Luffy: Hey, that's not a shockwave!
Chopper: That's a...
Chopper and Luffy: Beam!
Usopp: This is no time to be happy!
Robin: Bartholomew Kuma... Why is he here again?!
Zoro: That bastard...!
Luffy: Is he that guy who showed up afterwards on Thriller Bark?!
Usopp: Yeah, that's him! Back then, he made some shockwave from the pads on his hand and caused us a lot of trouble!
Chopper: He was planning to eliminate us there, but... I guess he realized we survived and came back!
Franky: Back then, you sure got us good!
Nami: It worked!
Franky: No, that troublesome guy is just fine.
Brook: Luffy-san!
Luffy: I already know you're strong, so I'll go all-out right away!
Sanji: We've got no choice!
Zoro: Something's strange... He feels different from back then... Is it just my imagination?
Luffy: Let's go!
Sentoumaru: He's late! The warships should be here by now... That's strange... Why hasn't he contacted me yet, that old man Kizaru... If he doesn't hurry up, I'll have to... finish off all those rookies!
Zoro: This guy isn't the Warlord we met before!
Sanji: Does that mean that there are two people who are this strong!?
