Narrator: We are in the Great Pirate Era. Looking for the great treasure One Piece... left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger, a struggle between countless pirates began. The young boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit... Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many who went to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have experienced countless adventures, and not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: The crew, aiming for the New World... will advance on the Grand Line once again today! To get to Fishman Island... The Straw Hat crew landed on Sabaody Archipelago in search of a ship-coater. There they met the coater, Rayleigh, who was the former vice-captain of the Roger pirates. While Rayleigh went to prepare the Sunny for the journey... Luffy and the others went to the city in order to hide. Then, Admiral Kizaru from Navy HQ... suddenly appeared on Sabaody Archipelago.
Kizaru: Hello? This is Kizaru... That's odd... Hello?
Man: Now! You...!
Kizaru: Hello?
Narrator: Then, the rookies started a fierce battle with the marines.
Marine: It got bigger! What just happened?!
Marine 2: He didn't even do anything!
Kizaru: You see, if I don't find him... I won't have anything to do... And with that being the case, there's no way I'd let someone with a bounty like yours go free. A bounty of 249 million, "The Mage", Basil Hawkins... Speed is weight. Have you ever experienced a light-speed kick?
Pirates: Captain!
Pirate: Captain!
Hawkins: I should have guessed, you are far stronger than I imagined.
Narrator: Then, another person appeared before Luffy and the others; Bartholomew Kuma.
Usopp: Stand back, Luffy!
Nami: He's one of the Seven Warlords!
Luffy: Seven Warlords? How do you know?
Sanji: No matter what, don't let that attack hit you! It's a shockwave!
Nami: What's this?!
Usopp: He could even do this?!
Luffy: Hey, that's not a shockwave! I already know you're strong, so I'll go all-out right away!
Zoro: Something's strange... He feels different from back then...
Sentoumaru: If he doesn't hurry up, I'll have to... finish off all those rookies!
Franky: Unbelievable!
Usopp: From his hands, and from his mouth, too?
Brook: Scary!
Usopp: Another one's coming!
Franky: Just what the hell is that?!
Usopp: Like they said, it's a beam!
Franky: A beam is just a ray of light! Having something like that working as a weapon is just a fantasy! Uh, what are you doing?
Brook: Playing dead.
Franky & Usopp: He already knows you're not!
Zoro: (Three Sword Style)
Luffy: (Rubber)
Zoro: (600 Pound)
Nami: All right! Did they get him?
Chopper: They're awesome!
Robin: The opponent is a Warlord. They can't beat him so easily. I can tell just from their expressions.
Luffy: Is he really that different? Does that mean that he's his twin or something?
Sanji: Yeah, that is a possibility.
Zoro: Anyway, if he was the real guy, then he would have instantly dodged our attacks. More importantly, he's not shooting out shock waves, and he doesn't have pads.
Sanji: But if he's a fake, then that's a problem as well. That means that there are two people as strong as him.
Urouge: You hurt me pretty badly... but don't think that I'm the same as I was earlier! (Karmic Retribution) That must have worked a bit, at least...
Hawkins: "Mad Monk" Urouge... How can a man who was so badly injured until now... Have gotten this big and strong all of a sudden?
Drake: That was Kizaru's laser! Did you manage to put Kizaru's destructive power into Bartholomew Kuma's body... Vegapunk?! Are the Pacifista already this developed?!
Pirate 1: This is getting out of hand!
Pirate 2: Yeah, even three men worth over 100 million... Can't possibly survive when they're up against a Warlord and an admiral!
Kizaru: Rear admiral Drake... No, FORMER rear admiral... Didn't you come here to see this? If you'd like to try fighting, then go ahead. Seeing how you know the circumstances already... I guess you're just too terrified to try, right? But try not to lose your cool, my flimsy little friends. I'm here too, after all.
Apoo: Well, I just got to see another interesting thing... This is the first time I've seen a rare, ancient Zoan-type.
Drake: I'm surprised to see that even you have red blood in your veins.
Urouge: I just saw something really unusual...
Kizaru: I said that I'm here too, didn't I? One after another... Seems like all you people worth over 100 million are monsters. That's pretty scary!
Hawkins: (Phase of Demon Subjugation) He vanished! M-My eyes!
Pirate: Captain Hawkins!
Hawkins: I can't see!
Kizaru: I don't know what kind of ability you possess, but you have a physical form... So I suppose you're not a Logia-type.
Pirate 1: Captain!
Pirate 2: This is bad! He's exceeded his damage limit! He's really gonna die!
Kizaru: Here's the first one... Good work making it this far in your long journey. What's with him?
Apoo: ~Is this music reachin' you? ~If you hear me, then tune in! ~Navy admiral Kizaru!~
Drake: He's the "Roaring Tide"...
Apoo: ~Everybody, listen to my fighting music!~
Kizaru: What?
Apoo: Here we go! Check it out! That settles it! Well, I doubt a navy admiral would die from something like this, though... Wow, I sure got to see a lot of interesting stuff. Well, I'll be getting out of here now. See ya!
Kizaru: That's awful... Ooh, what a surprise... Yata no Kagami (Mirror of Yata)
Apoo: What?
Kizaru: Hello? Huh? Hello? Oh, here it is. Borsalino here.
Sentoumaru: Old man! You did have your baby snail-phone with you! Why didn't you contact me?!
Kizaru: Oh, Sentoumaru-kun!
Sentoumaru: Don't just say "Oh"! What're you doing?! You've arrived on the island, right?!
Kizaru: Well, I couldn't get in touch with you, you see...
Sentoumaru: I bet you tried to talk into the black snail-phone again, right?! I told you before, the black snail-phone on your arm is just for tapping!
Kizaru: Oh... Oh...
Sentoumaru: Whatever! Just hurry up and get back to work! We've already identified our targets! Straw Hat Luffy, Captain Kid, and Trafalgar Law, who do you wanna start with?
Kizaru: Oh, is that so? Then...
Zoro: (108 Pound Cannon/Phoenix of 108 Earthly Desires) 108 Pound...
Sanji: Idiot! What are you doing?!
Luffy: Zoro! Hey, Zoro! Were you really so badly injured that you can't move?
Sanji: Leave him alone, Luffy! We've gotta defeat this thing first!
Luffy: Yeah...
Sanji: There's no way his wounds from back then could've healed completely... From what I can see, just standing up to face the enemy must be really painful for him. If this bastard isn't Bartholomew Kuma, then who is he?! He looks exactly like one of the Seven Warlords... What the hell is going on?!
Usopp: Another enemy?!
Sentoumaru: I'm the one with the toughest guard in the entire world! Of course, my mouth is sealed shut, too!
Usopp: Who are you?!
Sentoumaru: I won't answer that! I am the most tight-lipped man in the world! My name is...
Usopp: Wait, you're gonna tell us after all?!
