Narrator: We are in the Great Pirate Era. Looking for the great treasure One Piece... left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger, a struggle between countless pirates began. The young boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit... Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many who went to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have experienced countless adventures, and not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: The crew, aiming for the New World... will advance on the Grand Line once again today! In order to get to Fishman Island... the Straw Hat crew went to the Sabaody Archipelago to find a ship-coater. There they met the coater, Rayleigh, who was the former vice-captain of the Roger pirates. While Rayleigh went off to work on the coating of the Sunny... One of the Seven Warlords, Bartholomew Kuma, appeared before the Straw Hats... who were trying to find a place to hide. Zoro had suspicions about this "Kuma".
Sanji: If he's a fake, then that's a problem as well. That means there are two people just as strong as him.
Narrator: In the meantime, the rookies were facing Admiral Kizaru, who had come from navy HQ...
Kizaru: Borsalino here.
Sentoumaru: Old man! You did have your baby snail-phone with you! Why didn't you contact me?!
Kizaru: Oh, Sentoumaru-kun!
Sentoumaru: Don't just say "Oh"! What're you doing?! You've arrived on the island, right?!
Kizaru: Well, I couldn't get in touch with you, you see...
Sentoumaru: Whatever! Just hurry up and get back to work! We've already identified our targets! Straw Hat Luffy, Captain Kid, and Trafalgar Law, who do you wanna start with?
Kizaru: Oh, is that so? Then...
Sanji: If this bastard isn't Bartholomew Kuma, then who is he?! He looks exactly like one of the Seven Warlords! What the hell is going on?!
Kid: You're in my way! Get lost already, Trafalgar! I'll take care of this guy.
Law: You're the one who's in my way, Eustass! Doesn't he have the brains for anything other than lasers? I mean he's a freakin' Warlord!
Marine: There they are! Trafalgar Law of the Heart Pirates, and Eustass "Captain" Kid of the Kid Pirates! Don't let them get away!
Marines: Yes, sir!
Heart-pirate: Damn it! Now even the marines have arrived! We can't let them hold us off here forever!
Jambarl: Bepo, we're gonna attack him head-on! Let's go!
Bepo: Hey, Jambarl! You're the new guy! Don't order me around!
Killer: Take this!
Bepo: That bastard, taking all the spotlight!
Law: Is he really that Warlord, Bartholomew Kuma?
Sanji: Damn! We don't even have time to counterattack!
Usopp: Hey, Zoro!
Zoro: S...Santouryu
Luffy: Zoro!
Sanji: That idiot!
Luffy and Sanji: Chopper!
Usopp: We can't take his physical strength lightly either!
Brook: Take care! Here I go! I have stopped! W-Wait, that's dangerous! Are you planning on killing me?! ...Though I'm already dead... Wait, this is no time to be saying that...!
Usopp: Now's our chance! Let's run!
Brook: That was scary! Thank you so much!
Chopper: Huh? He's acting strangely...
Usopp: What? Bombs work on him NOW?
Franky: One shot went inside his mouth... Something inside his body must have short-circuited... His body might be tough, but he's still got blood on the inside. He's had his entire body modified to become a weapon, just like me... but he's really a normal human!
Sanji: Nami-san, watch out! He's found you!
Nami: Oh, no!
Usopp: You did it! He fired off the beam inside his own mouth! He self-destructed!
Nami: Sorry to interrupt your break, bro... But you should watch out for lightning there! From dark clouds to the Clima Tact...
Brook: That one definitely worked... Fantastic!
Usopp: It didn't work at all, did it?! He's still perfectly fine, isn't he?!
Chopper: But where is he aiming anyway?
Franky: Has he become desperate?
Usopp: He's completely lost his mind!
Sanji: Once you get desperate, the fight is over.
Zoro: Hey, blast him over here!
Sanji: You're too damn stubborn...
Franky: Alright! He's finally starting to fall apart!
Brook: W... What is that?!
Chopper: Zoro multiplied?!
Luffy: Let's go!
Nami: Go, Luffy!
Franky: We just need one more hit!
Usopp and Chopper: Crush him, Luffy!
Luffy: I'm shrinking!
Franky: We stopped that bastard, right?
Usopp: We must have...
Nami: It almost seems like he's gonna start moving again... Creepy...
Usopp: If he does, we're doomed. I'm totally beat, I can't move anymore.
Chopper: Maybe we should've escaped, instead of trying to fight him?
Robin: No, if we can beat him, then that's what we should do. He'd chase us wherever we went.
Zoro: But what was with that guy anyway?
Franky: He's definitely a modified human... That means that he was once a human who looked just like Bartholomew Kuma. I'd guess they were twins, or perhaps they just found someone who looked super similar... I suppose that's the most likely explanation. There's no way they could've actually created a human, after all.
Sanji: PX-4?
Luffy: Let's rest for a bit... I never thought we'd be forced to go all-out in a battle so soon...
Sanji: I want to rest, but we should find a hiding-place first. If they find us now, we're in big trouble, you know.
Luffy: I guess that's true. But... wait just a minute, okay?
Sentoumaru: Man, you guys have really done it now!
Usopp: What?! Another enemy?! Where'd that voice come from?!
Chopper: Up there! They're up there!
Luffy: Who's there?!
Sentoumaru: Hey, hey! What a pitiful state you're in, PX-4! Just building one of you Pacifista costs us as much as an entire warship! Man, how am I supposed to explain this to that damn Punk?!
Chopper: Another Warlord!
Usopp: D-Don't tell me that's the real guy?!
Sanji: Doesn't matter whether he's real or a fake... We don't have the strength to stand up to that thing again!
Robin: He just said "Pacifista"...
Nami: "Pacifista"... That's like someone who creates peace, right? Is that the name of the one we just defeated?
Franky: Who are you, broadaxe?!
Sentoumaru: You don't call a man by his weapon's name! There's no point in asking me questions. I have nothing to tell any of you! I'm the man with the toughest guard in the whole world! Of course, my mouth is well-guarded too!
Usopp: Can't you at least tell us your name?!
Sentoumaru: I have no obligations to answer that! Didn't I just tell you? I'm the world's most tight-lipped man, Sentoumaru!
Usopp: Really? Sentoumaru, is it?
Sentoumaru: I just felt like telling you that! I wasn't answering your question! Let's go, PX-1!
Sanji: He's firing beams from his palms too... He doesn't have pads. I didn't want to think about it, but that makes him the third! What's going on?!
Zoro: Rather than wondering about that, it'd be safer for us to run away right now! If we get into another fight now, someone will definitely die! Let's run before we meet the admiral...!
Luffy: Yeah... Let's run away from here! We can't stay together... We'll split up and escape!
Usopp and Chopper: I think we should run, too!
Luffy: The three of us should split up!
Sanji: Sure... Are you gonna be alright?
Zoro: Shut up!
Sanji: I'll protect Nami-swan! Even if it costs me my life!
Nami: Right, thank you. Let's get going!
Franky: If you're ready to risk your life, then you should be the decoy for all of us!
Sanji: Ladies only, damn bastard! Just take care of yourself, panty-man!
Usopp: Zoro-kun will protect me as well as he can, so don't worry!
Zoro: Wait a minute, Usopp! I'm hurt...
Brook: Do not worry! I shall cover for you! Your injuries still haven't healed, right? To tell you the truth, I saw your act of self-sacrifice back on Thriller Bark!
Zoro: I see... Thanks!
Luffy: We're running over there!
Robin: Right.
Chopper: Those beams are scary!
Luffy: Everyone, we'll meet up at the Sunny in three days!
Sentoumaru: They're splitting up and running! Chase them, PX-1! Don't let them get out of Grove 12, or we'll be in trouble.
Usopp: Now's our chance!
Brook: You are quite reliable!
Sanji: Damn! The bridge! Here he is!
Nami: Why did he come here?!
Franky: Hey, hey... You...! Hey! Don't push me!
Luffy: He went that way? Are they alright?!
Sentoumaru: You don't have time to worry about others! I don't have anything against pirates though.
Luffy: What?!
Chopper: What did he just do?!
Sentoumaru: You've got some pretty good offensive power, but... My guard is the strongest in the world!
Robin: Luffy!
Chopper: What?! He's this strong, too?!
Sentoumaru: I just thought I'd tell you, I'm not a devil fruit-user!
Luffy: There's something strange about his techniques...!
Usopp: What are you doing?! And you call yourself a comrade of mine?! You're not human!
Zoro: Stand back!
Usopp: Zoro! W-What?! Who are you?! You... Get away! Get away from Zoro, you freak!
Brook: Z-Zoro-san! Zoro-san was hit by a beam!
Usopp: Hey, Zoro, pull yourself together!
Sentoumaru: Man, he's late! So you finally arrived... ...old man Kizaru?!
Robin: Kizaru?! Be careful! That man is a navy admiral!
Brook: Admiral?!
Kizaru: Oh, you're a bit too late... 120 million bounty-head, "Pirate Hunter" Zoro... I'd heard that you were a reasonably accomplished swordsman... but seeing how you were beaten with one shot, I suppose you're pretty exhausted, huh?
Zoro: Damn... He's an admiral...?
Kizaru: Take yourself a long rest...
Luffy: Zoro!!!
Nami: A Warlord, a really weird guy with a broadaxe, and even a navy admiral?!
Kizaru: If we let you get away, our reputation would go to hell...
