Narrator: This is what has happened so far. In order to obtain the legendary treasure of Grand Jipang, Boss Luffy and the others ended up joining the festival's Great Portable Shrine Race. They were having fun spending the days before the festival with Brook,who had lost his memory, but... the night before the race, Thriller Companies Hogback, another one who wanted the legendary treasure destroyed all of his rivals' portable shrines.
Usopp: If they're out to destroy all the portable shrines that entered the race... then that means ours is in trouble, too!
Brook: I remember.
Usopp: Your memories returned?
Brook: Yes. I remember everything.
Usopp: What's with that outfit? Where are you going?
Brook: I cannot stay here. Because I was... a member of the Thriller Company.
Narrator: Having regained his memories, Brook vanished into the darkness of the night alone.
Zombie 1: We really caused an uproar tonight.
Zombie 2: I'm sure that Perona-sama will be pleased, too. Who are you?!
Brook: You have strayed from the path of humanity. Though you were never humans to begin with. In place of the Heavens... I shall punish you!
Franky: Ouch.
Chopper: You should be alright now.
Franky: Thanks. The race is tomorrow, but I let them destroy your precious portable shrine.
Mao: It's not your fault, Mechanic-san.
Usopp: So this means that the ones to blame are Hogback and his gang. Brook...
Chopper: Where did Brook go?
Robin: Shall I tell you?
Usopp: Who are you?!
Robin: Just a village-girl who happened to pass by here.
Sanji: Beautiful!
Nami: Again?
Robin: Indeed, that skeleton use to be a member of the Thriller Company. He got fed up with their evil methods, and left the organization. But, maybe he felt responsible for all the portable shrines that were destroyed today?
Brook: Boss Luffy. Everyone at the Pinwheel. I will allow myself to take responsibility for this.
Nami: Hey, Boss! Sheesh, he never thinks things over.
Luffy: BROOK!!!
Hogback: Fool!
Brook: It hurts... NOOO!!!
Zoro: Shut up!
Perona: But I never thought you'd still be alive! When you left the organization, we made sure to severely wound you before dropping you in the river.
Absalom: Why come back and throw away your life which had just been saved?
Brook: There is no point in me explaining it. You people would never understand.
Perona: Let's add another rock.
Zombies: Yes, as you wish.
Perona: You're a disgrace!
Absalom: That's enough! Finish him.
Brook: Wh-Wait! I do not wish to die yet! Though I am already dead... Still, I don't wanna die!
Zoro: Will you shut the hell up?!
Luffy: Brook!
Brook: Boss!
Luffy: What'd you go off on your own for? C'mon, let's go back.
Hogback: Wait a second! You're that detective from earlier, aren't you?
Luffy: Move it. You guys are all really annoying, but I don't have any business with you right now.
Absalom: Even if you were a government official, we still wouldn't hand him over without a fight!
Perona: Take them down!
Zoro: Didn't I tell you not to disturb the neighbors?! TL Note: Three Sword Style TL Note: Tornado/Dragon Twist
Luffy: TL Note: Rubber Jutte
Absalom: Don't falter! Trample them to death!
Zoro: There's no end to these guys!
Hogback: They're... ...gone!
Absalom: Where did they go?! Find them!
Luffy: We're back.
Brook: What...?
Chopper: Boss, Brook, welcome back.
Mao: Welcome back.
Sanji: You must be hungry. Here's some special stamina rice balls.
Luffy: Looks good!
Brook: What are you doing, everyone?
Chopper: We're repairing the portable shrine.
Brook: That's... The race is tomorrow! You can't possibly make it!
Franky: No, we'll make it!
Brook: Why? Why would you go that far?
Everyone: For our dignity!
Nami: We can't just turn around and run without even putting up a fight!
Lola: You're right. We feel the same way.
Usopp: The Rolling Post Office?
Duval: Seems like you're missing some parts... Feel free to take anything you need from our broken portable shrine!
Sanji: You guys... The Flying Fish Crimson Squad?
Lola: We thought you could use ours, too, so we brought it along. We'll leave our souls with you!
Chopper: Really?
Usopp: You guys...
Franky: Now, we can create a super portable shrine just like the one I imagined!
Mozu: That's right!
Kiwi: Let's do it!
Nami: Seems like we have a lot to do tonight!
Mao: I'll make plenty of food for you.
Nami: Sanji-kun, I'm counting on you.
Sanji: Nami-swan~! Leave it to me!
Luffy: Hey, what's up, Brook? Don't just stand there spacing out, how 'bout you help us.
Brook: But I do not wish to get in your way...
Usopp: That's fine, just do it!
Brook: Not my knees!
Usopp: You're already a part of our team, right? We're all partners here!
Nami: We're comrades.
Brook: Comrades? T-Thank you so much!
Nami: Hey, you! You won't get free food either, monk!
Brook: I shall play a tune to raise everyone's working spirit.
Chopper: I'm getting fired up!
Luffy: Right, let's do this!
Everyone: YEAH!!!
Man: What is that?!
Absalom: As if there are any other competitors!
Perona: We crushed everyone's portable shrines so they had to forfeit, after all.
Hogback: It's almost time! We just have to get this giant portable shrine to reach the finish line at the Grand Shrine... and we'll obtain the treasure with no trouble at all! Wait, Cindry-chan, why are you in front of me?
Absalom: We're just about to start!
Perona: It's the start of our victory parade.
Mao: Please wait!
Nami: Restaurant Pinwheel is also competing!
Absalom: What?!
Luffy: Thriller Company! We'll be taking that treasure!
Mao: Get them, Pinwheel!
Hogback: Bring it on!
Igaram: Now, we will begin the Great Portable Shrine Race, with the sacred treasure as the prize! Thriller Company. Restaurant Pinwheel. It's a one on one battle! Get set...
Hogback: Get out of our way!
Brook: I can't see anything!
Sanji: Is this the time to be joking around?!
Zoro: They're in the lead!
Rider: My flying fish!
Nami: I'll borrow this for a second!
Zombie: This is too heavy, master!
Absalom: What a bunch of weaklings!
Perona: Now they'll catch up to us!
Hogback: Don't panic! The genius, Hogback-sama's portable shrine is much better than that! See ya!
Chopper: What is that?!
Franky: I guess the time has come for us to show our true strength as well! Boss! Have the portable shrine drink this Cola!
Luffy: Right! Here?
Franky: Everyone, get on the portable shrine! We're blasting off!
Absalom: That's against the rules, isn't it?!
Sanji: I don't wanna hear that from YOU!
Usopp: Neither of them are really portable shrines anymore.
Hogback: If this goes on, they'll beat us!
Absalom: Leave it to me! Take this!
Brook: A bazooka!
Usopp: Watch out!
Franky: Now that it's come to this...
Hogback: Now, we've guaranteed our victory!
Mao: No way.
Nami: Oh, look!
Franky: It's the Support Paddle!
Brook: I cannot speak...
Sanji: Just cut that out already.
Nami: Everyone, just continue moving down the river! It's shorter, rather than going over the bridge.
Luffy: Got it!
Perona: I won't let you get through. Get them!
Usopp: They just keep coming!
Franky: I had anticipated this kind of thing too!
Usopp: You anticipated THIS?!
Zoro: Make sure to steer this thing properly!
Sanji: You'll bite your tongue if you keep talking!
Zoro: Shut up! TL Note: 36 Pound Cannon/Phoenix of 36 Earthly Desires
Usopp: There's the Grand Shrine!
Franky: Boss! This is our last bottle of cola!
Luffy: Alright, I got it!
Absalom: What?!
Perona: How frustrating!
Hogback: I won't let you get away!
Chopper: Look, it's the finish line!
Lola: Marry me!
Luffy: GO!!!
Usopp: Is that?!
Sanji: The giant portable shrine's...
Chopper: True form?!
Tararan: Monkey! Monkey!
Franky: What a huge spider!
Hogback: You're really good, forcing me to use my trump card. However,
Thriller Company: this is the end!
Tararan: TL Note: Spider Sticky Net
Franky: It won't move!
Usopp: Hey, can't you do anything about this?
Franky: No, I had prepared something for this kind of situation, but... we're out of cola!
Nami: Cola?!
Mao: Onami-san, look!
Hogback: This is the end for you!
Tararan: Monkey! Monkey!
Nami and Mao: Boss!
Mao: Catch it!
Luffy: YEAH!
Franky: TL Note: Lion's Roar Cannon
Perona: No way!
Absalom: This can't be!
Hogback: Wait! Where did Cindry-chan wander off to?
Thriller Company: When did she...?!
Hogback: Wait! You'll understand if we talk it over!
Luffy: You ruined the festival that everyone's been looking forward to... I won't forgive you for that!
Thriller Company: Just as we thought!
Igaram: The winners are Restaurant Pinwheel! Congratulations. Let's get this over with.
Nami: The one million beli prize money.
Igaram: I'll be taking this, then.
Nami: What?!
Igaram: Take a look at the state of the town.
Nami: Oh, no...
Igaram: However, just as promised, the sacred treasure is yours.
Usopp: Alright!
Sanji: We did it!
Chopper: I wonder what this sacred treasure is.
Igaram: It is only shown once every 100 years. I have never seen it before either. Well, here it is. The legendary sacred treasure... of Grand Jipang. Instructions on how to use these girls' panties: If you make a wish while wearing these panties, it shall be granted. However, it only works for beautiful women.
Sanji: Fantastic!
Brook: Omao-san, will you let me see you wear those panties?
Mao: Nooo!
Brook: What? Where is this? Who am I?
Chopper: You lost your memories again?!
Mao: Nooo, Brook-san!
Narrator: After having been sent away from the Sabaody Archipelago by Kuma, Luffy arrives on a certain island. In the jungle, he eats a poisonous mushroom and faints. There, he is found by a group of beautiful female warriors wearing snakes.
