Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The young boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! The Straw Hat crew had learned that they needed to get their ship coated to go to Fishman Island, so they went to the Sabaody Archipelago. There, they encountered the former vice-captain of the Roger Pirates, the skilled coater, Rayleigh. However, the crew ran into the captain of the Science Patrol, Sentoumaru...
Sentoumaru: TL Note: Leg Locked, Heave-Ho
Robin: Luffy!
Narrator: ...as well as the navy admiral, Kizaru. The crew ended up in a hopeless crisis.
Kizaru: Give yourself a nice long rest.
Luffy: ZORO!
Kizaru: So, now you decide to appear, Rayleigh, the "Dark King."
Rayleigh: I won't let you take out these youngsters. Their era is only beginning!
Luffy: Pops!
Narrator: Having been saved by Rayleigh, the crew thought that they were saved. But then, the Warlord, Bartholomew Kuma, appeared.
Kuma: We won't... meet again. Farewell.
Narrator: The Straw Hat Crew... was completely and utterly defeated.
Duval: Damn... I can't seem to... wink properly...
Rider: Duval-sama, we've found it! It's in Grove 41!
Duval: Got it! Let's get going! Listen up, men! In the name of the Rosy Life-Riders, we will definitely protect it! Hurry, Motobaro! To Grove 41! But what was with that shockwave that shook the entire island earlier? I sure hope they're safe...
Sharlia: Have you still not captured them?!
Marine: We've just gotten reports that admiral Kizaru-dono is chasing them, so we believe it's only a matter of time. We'll contact him right now.
Sharlia: You useless trash! Not only have father and big brother ended up in this horrible state... but you even allowed all our slaves to escape?! What do you consider the bloodline of our world's creators to be worth?! When they are captured, I will make sure that they go through such a hellish torture that they will beg me to kill them!
Rider: Duval-sama, the young Straw Hat masters sure are taking a while...
Rider 2: Maybe they've been caught?
Rider 3: It seems that there's some huge uproar going on at the port.
Rider 2: Yeah, I was watching it from the sky. The navy and the pirates were engaged in a fierce battle. It was really crazy!
Duval: In that case, we should be real careful here! In this situation, some idiots are bound to be captured! We've gotta stay here and keep watch until the coater shows up. Rosy Life Riders!
Riders: Yes, Duvasome!
Caimie: I feel really anxious... I wonder if Luffy-chin and the others are all right.
Pappagg: What are you saying, Caimie? Don't say stuff that'll make us all worried!
Caimie: But...
Hachi: They're strong, so don't worry about a thing, Caimie.
Caimie: I hope you're right...
Pappagg: "I hope", you say... You're doing it again! You've seen how strong they are, too, right? I'm telling you, they're fine!
Shakki: They're up against an admiral from the navy. Even Monkey-chan and his group can't beat someone as strong as that. The seas are becoming more and more fierce now. A wave larger than anything I've seen before is on its way. They can't afford to be beaten by that wave. Can you hear it? The times are gradually... beginning to change.
Narrator: Elsewhere, after having been blasted off from the Sabaody Archipelago by Bartholomew Kuma, Monkey D. Luffy is...
Luffy: Dammit! Zoro! Nami! Usopp! Sanji! Chopper! Robin! Franky! Brook! Where'd he send my crew off to?! Where'd all of you go?! I'll never forgive that bear-like Warlord! Anyway, how far am I gonna fly?! Oh, that's right...
Sentoumaru: They say that anyone who gets blasted off by his pads is sent through the sky for three whole days. Though I'm not sure whether it's true or not.
Luffy: That means... maybe everyone didn't vanish, but instead were sent flying like I was? Maybe what that broadaxe-guy said was true. In that case, I'll be flying around like this for three days? I'd die if I fell into the sea... I'm hungry, too... but I feel really sleepy for some reason... Zoro... Nami... Usopp... Sanji... Chopper... Robin... Franky... Brook... Everyone...
Narrator: He continues to fly through the sky for a long time. And then...
Luffy: I survived... Doesn't seem like I survived because I'm rubber, but what's this thing that looks like a bear's footprint? I hope everyone else is safe like this, too. Anyway, I've gotta get back! Where is this place...? And which way is Sabaody Archipelago? Oh, right! I've got the Vivre Card! I'm so relieved that everyone got one! All right, we can return! Anyways, I'm going back there! I'm sure I'll meet the others. That way, huh? EVERYONE, ONLY THINK ABOUT ESCAPING! RIGHT NOW... WE CAN'T BEAT THESE GUYS! Anyways, let's all run! We'll think things over once we're safe! GO! WHAT'S WRONG WITH ME?! I couldn't even... save a single one of my friends! OUCH! Nah, it doesn't hurt, but... What's that? Damn, a dead end, huh? But... The card points to the other side of this cliff. Right... Didn't work, huh? I don't have any strength left... Sanji, food! Even if I say that, he's not here, huh? Thanks for the food! This reminds me of the past... Back when gramps threw me into the jungle... I don't wanna remember that. Anyway, it sure is quiet around here... Ain't that a laughing-mushroom? Right, this is exactly what I need right now! I'm suddenly having fun! Even though I'm alone! There's a strange one growing over here, too! I'm really pissed off for some reason! Laughing-mushroom... Laughing-mushroom... There's another weird mushroom over here! A crying-mushroom, huh?
Voices: Understood!
Margaret: What is it, Sweetpea?
Sweetpea: What could this be?
Margaret: What?
Sweetpea: The saga of "What Could This Be"?
Margaret: W-what is this?! Isn't this a human?!
Sweetpea: Could she be someone from the village?
Margatet: I don't know... she's got so many mushrooms growing on her body...
Sweetpea: Perhaps she was sending smoke-signals so someone would save her?
Margaret: This is it... look at this. She ate this mushroom! The Mushrooms-growing-on-your-body mushroom. If you eat it, mushrooms will grow on your body. This is awful! If we don't do something, she'll have her life-energy sucked up by the mushrooms and die!
Sweetpea: So this is the saga of "No Time To Lose".
Margaret: Aphelandra! We're gonna carry her back to the village!
Aphelandra: Yes!
Sweetpea: The saga of "We Must Hurry and Get This Girl Back to the Village"!
Margaret: Let's hurry! This is an emergency!
Voice: Hey, you in front, get down! I can't see anything!
Margaret: She ate the Mushrooms-growing-on-your-body mushroom. Belladonna, what should we do?
Belladonna: Pull them off by hand. Remove them all, one by one.
Margaret and Sweetpea: We can pull them off?
Margaret: It's true... But the roots are still there...
Belladonna: We'll deal with those afterwards, so don't worry about the roots.
Margaret: She was half-dead... She could have been from the village, so I had no choice. That's the last one.
Belladonna: Then, stand back for a moment.
Luffy: I-I'M ON FIRE! P-PUT IT OUT!
Margaret: Wait, Belladonna! What are you doing?!
Belladonna: If I didn't do that, they'd just grow back out.
Margaret: But don't you think you went too far? She lost consciousness again!
Belladonna: But looking at her body now that we've gotten rid of the mushrooms... she's covered with wounds.
Margaret: You're right.
Belladonna: It's like she's just been in a fierce battle. We've got to treat her wounds as well. Sorry, but could you wash her body in the river, Margaret?
Margaret: I understand. It looks like she's not from the village after all, right, Sweetpea?
Sweetpea: Huh? Look at this!
Margaret: What's wrong?
Sweetpea: There's another mushroom here! We must have overlooked it earlier. The saga of "There Was Another One Left".
Margaret: But this one's got a different shape from the rest of them... It's got a strange shape...
Sweetpea: Oh? There's something weird underneath it, too. What is this? Ball-mushrooms? The saga of "Whatever It Is, We've Got to Remove It". Alright! It's not coming off! Why? It's just stretching! It's not working...
Margaret: Maybe Aphelandra can get it off?
Aphelandra: What? Me?
Women: What if we all tried pulling it?
Sweetpea: Oh, that's a great idea! Right, Margaret?
Nyon: Whyat? Whyat? Whyat's goying oyn?
Margaret: Oh, Elder Nyon! We can't get rid of one mushroom stuck to this girl's body. So, we were thinking that we'd all try to get it off, or that we could try to burn it.
Nyon: Wait, wait... Who is that?
Margaret: It's this one...
Nyon: Well, thyen... Whyere is that mushryoom? Nyo need to worry! This... This yone is... This yone is... a man, is it nyot?!
Everyone: WHAAAT?!
Margaret: Th-this is a man? It's the first time I've seen one!
Narrator: This is the home of the female warrior race, the Kuja Tribe... the island of women, Amazon Lily. You must never dream of it. You must never set foot on it. As long as you value your life, that is. Luffy races off to reunite with his friends, but is pursued by the female warriors!
