Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The young boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy had been blasted off the Sabaody Archipelago by the Warlord, Bartholomew Kuma.
Luffy: I've got the Vivre Card! I'm so glad everyone got one! I'm sure I'll meet the others.
Narrator: After being separated from his comrades, and landing alone on an unknown island... Luffy was planning to follow the Vivre Card and reunite with the crew.
Luffy: Ain't that a laughing-mushroom?
Margaret: Hurry! The smoke was rising from over here!
Sweetpea: The saga of "What Could This Be?"
Narrator: Luffy had accidentally eaten a mushrooms-growing-on-your-body mushroom, and was carried to a village by a group of mysterious women.
Sweetpea: Huh? Look at this!
Margaret: What is it?
Sweetpea: There's another mushroom here!
Margaret: But this one's got a different shape from the rest of them... It's got a strange shape...
Sweetpea: The saga of "Whatever It Is, We've Got to Remove It."
Nyon: Whyat? Whyat? Whyat's goying oyn?
Margaret: Oh, Elder Nyon! We can't get rid of one of the mushrooms stuck to this girl's body.
Nyon: This oyne is... a man, is it nyot?!
Everyone and their dog: WHAAAT?!
Margaret: Th-this is a man? It's the first time I've seen one!
Narrator: This is a place forbidden to men. The kingdom of women, Amazon Lily. The women who leave the island sometimes come back bearing a child. Strangely, all children born on the island are female. Atop the tall mountain, within the deep jungle, lies a huge hole. A village resembling a fortress was built within, and a kingdom was founded.
Saleswoman: Come on in! We've got in some Sea King meat today!
Saleswoman 1: Your skin will become smooth too.
Saleswoman 2: Does anyone want some jungle fruits?
Narrator: The women naturally do all the hard work themselves. The women have all been trained as warriors since they were born. Thus, they are tough and hearty; and yet, they are still graceful. There is no place here for greedy, foolish men. But above all, the women on this island are strong. In this country, strength is considered true beauty. If a man were to come near this country, he would be killed instantly.
Margaret: It seems like he'll eat anything...
Luffy: What's going on? You're so noisy... Where am I? What was I doing? Right! We were all separated on the Sabaody Archipelago!
Women: I can't hear him...
Luffy: I can't remember anything that happened after I ate that mushroom... Ah! My hat's gone! There it is! Give it back, you bastard! Thank god! Huh? I'm Luffy. Ah, I'm naked!
Women: So dense!
Luffy: It's cold. What happened to my clothes?
Margaret: Um, before putting on some clothes... What do you have inside those sacks between your legs?
Luffy: You dunno what this is? You're weird. These are my family jewels!
Women: Family... jewels? Family jewels?
Margaret: Sorry! What do you mean, "Family jewels"?
Luffy: Well, they're jewels, of course!
Margaret: Amazing! Men have jewels down there?!
Women: Gorgeous! Those balls are that valuable?!
Margaret: Can you take those family jewels off and show them to us?
Luffy: YOU THINK I CAN TAKE 'EM OFF?! ARE YOU PLANNING TO KILL ME?! MORONS!
Margaret: Well, here are your clothes. Your old ones were all tattered, so we made some new ones in the same shape.
Luffy: Oh, sorry 'bout that! Thanks! I don't know you, but still...
Margaret: I'm sure you'll like them.
Luffy: You...
Margaret: I put some sexy flower-frills on them.
Sweetpea: He's so happy, he's shaking!
Luffy: QUIT SCREWING WITH ME! I'M A MAN, YOU KNOW! W-what?!
Sweetpea: But Kikyo... I'd feel sorry for him to be killed over something like this!
Luffy: Hey, wait a second! You saved my life? What happened? Please tell me!
Belladonna: You ate a poisonous mushroom and fainted; these girls saved you.
Luffy: Oh, so that's what happened? Thanks a lot, you! Sorry I complained, but could you please not shoot me?
Kikyo: Excuses or apologies won't work! This is the kingdom of women, Amazon Lily! This place is off-limits for men! We've upheld this absolute law for hundreds of years! That rule has never been broken through our entire history!
Luffy: K-kingdom of women? Kingdom of women?
Kikyo: Now that you've regained consciousness, we will not show any sympathy for you!
Luffy: It's true! Looking carefully, you're all women! What a weird country!
Kikyo: I shall put a stop to those ridiculous comments of yours!
Aphelandra: Hey, do we really have to kill him?
Kikyo: Aphelandra! We've got to dispose of this person before the Snake Princess comes back! She would never allow him to stay! You, who brought the man to the village, would be considered criminals as well! Margaret... Sweetpea... Aphelandra... This is for your sake. It would be better to cover up this whole incident.
Luffy: W-wait up! Please let me go! I've gotta go to the place where I promised to meet up with my crew!
Kikyo: Release your arrows! Don't let him run away!
Luffy: Those arrows sure have a lot of destructive power! Crap!
Kikyo: He's more flexible than I thought... Aphelandra!
Aphelandra: Yes! Sorry I saved you!
Luffy: Well then, what should I do now?
Kikyo: Restrain him! Don't let him get away! Chase him!
Luffy: I don't have my treasure with me!
Kikyo: He's an enemy! The man is getting away!
Luffy: Aren't there more of 'em now?
Sweetpea: I'll go! Aphelandra!
Aphelandra: Yes!
Sweetpea: The saga of "You Won't Get Away!" He dodged it. The saga of "I'm Not Stopping!"
Aphelandra: Sweetpea!
Kikyo: That's as far as you'll get! We've got you surrounded!
Luffy: Man, you're persistent! Oh, right! The Vivre Card! Pops' paper was in the front pocket of my shorts! There! There she is! We can't talk here! Sorry! I've gotta ask you something!
Margaret: Let me go! Help!
Kikyo: Oh, no! Margaret was kidnapped!
Luffy: TL Note: Rubber Balloon Hey, you hurt?
Margaret: Don't come any closer! You just... inflated yourself, right?! What were you thinking, jumping from there?! I was prepared to die! It's a miracle that we survived!
Luffy: Really?
Margaret: Stay away!
Luffy: I ain't gonna do anything.
Margaret: I've heard that you men carry some sort of virus! Can all men get fat like that?!
Luffy: I don't have any virus... and it is a pain to explain, so let's just say that all men can get fat like this. Anyway, in the front pocket of the shorts I was wearing before... Was there anything in it? It's something really important!
Margaret: You mean this?
Luffy: This! This is it! Thank god! I don't know what I'd do if I lost that!
Margaret: Thanks for holding on to it! Let go!
Luffy: What a relief!
Margaret: I held on to it because there was something written on it. What is that?
Luffy: Look!
Margaret: How strange. It looked like it was moving...
Luffy: A lot happened. All of my companions were sent flying... But because we've got this paper, we can definitely find each other again! They're all strong, after all. Oh, I've just been talking all along! Is there anything I can do to repay you?
Margaret: Then, can you take out those family jewels and show them to me?
Luffy: I TOLD YOU, I CAN'T TAKE OFF MY FAMILY JEWELS!
Margaret: Men really are stingy!
Luffy: You were gonna take 'em, weren't you?! Put that knife away!
Margaret: What kind of companions were you talking about?
Luffy: Well, I'm a pirate. Know what a pirate is?
Margaret: You're a pirate? The inhabitants of this country are pirates as well.
Luffy: Really? So this is a pirate-crew with only women in it? You strong?
Margaret: What a foolish question! The mightiest fighters in this kingdom are on our pirate ship! They are strong! The Snake Princess is the woman whom everyone in this country looks up to! She's strong, elegant, and the most beautiful woman in the world... The Pirate Empress, Boa Hancock! This kingdom is well-protected by her and her two younger sisters!
Kikyo: This is bad! We've got to hurry and get rid of that man!
Aphelandra: Kikyo, it seems that man jumped down into the jungle after all...
Kikyo: Warriors! To the jungle! We will take out the man, and save Margaret! The Snake Princess is back!
Narrator: The Navy Vice Admiral Momonga... ...boards the ship of the Kuja Pirates to speak to Hancock, one of the Seven Warlords of the Sea. However, Hancock refuses to listen to the navy's demands. She releases her abilities on the marines.
