Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy had been blasted off the Sabaody Archipelago by the Warlord, Bartholomew Kuma. The place where he landed was an empire forbidden to men... Amazon Lily.
Luffy: I sure owe you a lot for all you've done... Sorry I can't do anything to repay you. Well, I'll be going now.
Margaret: Men are so strange. They can stretch their arms, suddenly become fat... they have no breasts and then there's that thing between their legs...
Luffy: I'd hate to ask any more favors from you, but could you take these off?
Margaret: Your family jewels?!
Luffy: NO! I'm talking about these! I'm gonna look for my crewmates from now on... Everyone would laugh if I went looking like this!
Margaret: I think it suits you though... Here.
Luffy: Thanks a lot!
Margaret: Disliking frills... Men really are strange creatures.
Luffy: Uh, whatever. Thanks for taking them off! Well, see ya! I can't calm down until I find my crewmates.
Margaret: You're pretty impatient, huh?
Luffy: As long as everyone else survived, like I did, then that's fine. As long as we're alive... we'll fight them time and again. We're gonna surpass them one after other. Alright! I'll go all the way back to the Sabaody Archipelago on my hands! This'll make me stronger! Can ya gimme a ship?
Margaret: You really are impatient...
Luffy: There's no ship?! And this is the Calm Belt?!
Margaret: That's right. This island of women... lies deep within the Sea King territory, the Calm Belt. That's why sailors can't even reach this island in the first place... and even if, by some miracle, they were to drift here by some tide... by the time they arrive ashore, they're already dead.
Luffy: But you said you gals have a pirate crew, right?
Margaret: The Snake Princess's ship is pulled by two brutal, poisonous snakes called Yuda... so the Sea Kings never attack it. That's the only ship we have on Amazon Lily.
Luffy: I'm in trouble... There's no wind here either... I suppose I'll just build a raft and row back...
Margaret: That's ridiculous.
Luffy: Right! I'll go build a raft and row back!
Margaret: Just like that?!
Luffy: It's done!
Margaret: What a piece of shit! It's already starting to fall apart. No way! Didn't he say he was a pirate?! I had no reason to save you... Can't male pirates swim?
Luffy: That was close! Dammit! I wish Franky was here! I'm in trouble...
Margaret: I'm the one who's troubled. You should have just ran far away from here... If I stay with you like this... I could get attached to you!
Luffy: H-hey! Stop that! What're you doing?! That's right... This arrow... Even when they were chasing me earlier... they were so powerful that they managed to destroy a stone wall! Doesn't look like it's a special kind of arrow either...
Margaret: What are you saying? That arrow has "Willpower" stored within it. Of course it's powerful! "Willpower"? What the hell's that? Everyone!
Kikyo: The man is here as well! Shoot him!
Luffy: Oh, crap!
Kikyo: Wait!
Margaret: Wait!
Sweetpea: Margaret! The saga of "Are You Unharmed"? We must hurry and get rid of the man! The Snake Princess has returned!
Momonga: Yeah. We were just ambushed by one of them. Even though this ship is covered in Sea Stone to conceal it's presence... if we stay this long, it's no surprise they'd find us. This isn't easy for us... but because of the deal between the government and you Kuja Pirates... we aren't allowed to come within three kilometers of the women's island. So we had to wait for you in the middle of this monster's nest.
Marine 1: Did you hear? They say that the Kuja Pirates are monsters who can turn people into stone!
Marine 2: That's impossible!
Momonga: Running into Sea Kings on the Grand Line isn't that uncommon... but in the Calm Belt, these monsters are pretty big... no enormous. Is there still no sign of the Kujas' ship?!
Marine: No, not yet, Vice-Admiral! There's not a single ship nearby.
Momonga: How long are they going to keep us waiting? Or maybe the Kujas' Empress is already...
Marine 1: It's a Sea King!
Marine 2: Shoot! Shoot it!
Marine 3: Impossible! Not even the cannons can hurt it?! If this goes on, the ship will be turned into dust!
Marine 4: What should we do?
Marine 5: We can't hurt it!
Marine 6: Don't tell me it's gonna eat the whole ship?!
Momonga: So the ones who came to meet us first... weren't the Kujas', but this monster!
Marine 1: That's...
Marine: The Vice-Admiral!
Momonga: If the entire warship became food for the Sea King... "Justice" would cry with shame! I didn't come here to hunt the Sea Kings. I'd like to finish the business and leave this ocean quickly. I've been tired of waiting! So, you've finally returned, Kuja Pirates. I am Vice-Admiral Momonga, from Navy HQ! Member of the Seven Warlords of the Sea, Pirate Empress Boa Hancock... Show yourself! I've come to speak to you! We already got your answer. You said you'd come as soon as we'd summoned you... but it doesn't seem like you actually intend to come! That's this morning's newspaper. The Second Squad Commander of the Whitebeard Pirates... Portgas D. Ace's execution time and place has been decided. There's no turning back now. The summoning of the Warlords is an absolute order from the World Government! Whoever refuses will lose their status, and their position as a Warlord will be stripped! You should know what that means. You, who have been doing whatever you wanted right under the World Government's nose... would become a completely normal pirate crew... and you would be hunted down by the Navy and the World Government. YOU LISTENIN', BOA HANCOCK?!
Hancock: Just who in the world... would leave a Kitten in my path?! Please be more cautious.
Momonga: So you've come out, Boa Hancock?! Don't let your guard down, men!
Marine: Listen to what the Vice-Admiral said! She's the leader of these monsters! We don't know how terrifying she could be! You absolutely CAN'T let your... That's the Pirate Empress? Her beauty really IS unparalleled!
Kikyo: Wait, man!
Luffy: Those women sure are scary! Nami is a lot better then them. Maybe not... If any of these arrows hit me in the head, I'm dead! Alright!
Sweetpea: The saga of "Is That Man Some Sort of Monkey?!"
Kikyo: In this country, we cannot leave a man running around alive! We have to find him as soon as possible and kill him!
Sweetpea: The saga of "Let's Split Up and Look for Him!"
Kikyo: Alright! We'll look for him and finish him off for sure!
Women: Roger that!
Luffy: This might be a bad idea... I just ran away from here... There's no choice! I don't have time to say stuff like that! Oh, crap!
Kikyo: Did you get him?!
Hancock: So, at last, you have come for me. Such troublesome people... My response from before was a lie. I will not participate in any war. However, I would like to ask that you don't strip my position as a Warlord. And I would also like all the valuables stored on this ship.
Momonga: Don't be ridiculous! Stop acting like a spoiled kid! Do you honestly think anyone would listen to those ridiculous demands?!
Marine: Hurry!
Marine 2: She's so beautiful!
Marine 3: I'll give you anything you want!
Momonga: Why the hell are you carrying our cargo?! Wake up, you scallywags!!
Marine: Oh, no! All of a sudden, I was doing as she said!
Momonga: Portgas D. Ace will be executed one week from today. Fire Fist Ace's life will end in the public square of Navy HQ's town, Marineford. In other words, Whitebeard is sure to make his move within one week, to rescue Ace. We at Navy HQ... will have all three Admirals and our entire military force prepared... to greet Whitebeard with an entourage capable of capturing him! Will you give up your position as a Warlord, or will you accept our summoning?! Make your choice! This is your last chance!
Hancock: I like being one of the Warlords. I do not wish to forsake that position. However, I despise the World Government. I do not plan on following your orders. What do you think of this: The marines who came to contact me... were involved in a mysterious accident at sea... and died after they were all turned to stone.
Marine 1: Is she planning on something?!
Marine 2: Stay on your guard!
Marine 3: I once heard about a ship... that had been attacked by the Kuja Pirates... and that all the people on that ship had turned into creepy statues!
Marine: H-hey, look at that!
Marine 2: W-what is that?
Marine: C-creepy statues?!
Momonga: I told you before! Don't think you can get away with acting like some spoiled kid!
Sandersonia: Our elder sister's personality is terrible, but she always gets what she wants.
Marigold: Indeed, and there is a reason why she always gets what she wants.
Hancock: Do you know why that is? No matter what I do... Even if I were to kick a kitten... Even if I were to rip your ears off... Even if I were to kill a person, the world would forgive me for it. For I am... Indeed... It is because I am beautiful!
Kuja Pirates: Snake Princess!
Marines: We forgive you, we forgive you! Because you're beautiful!
Momonga: CUT IT OUT YA SCALLYWAGS?!
Hancock: Sinful hearts that long for me... may your bodies harden! TL Note: Madly in Love
Marine: HANCO-
Hancock: I would expect no less from a Vice-Admiral from Navy HQ. I see... You used the pain to distract yourself. A mark of experience. However... your soldiers have perished.
Momonga: Those fools...
Hancock: You are all on your own now, eh?
Momonga: There's a difference between "One" and "Zero".
Hancock: We will peacefully return to Amazon Lily.
Momonga: BOA HANCOCK! I will wait here until the time's up! I refuse to return empty-handed! If you don't show yourself here within two days... I will break our contract!
Hancock: Do as you wish.
Narrator: What was it that Luffy saw on Hancock's back after jumping into the bathhouse?
