Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy was blasted off from the Sabaody Archipelago by the Warlord Bartholomew Kuma. He was separated from his crew, and landed alone in the kingdom forbidden to men, Amazon Lily.
Kikyo: Don't let him get away!
Luffy: There! That's her!
Narrator: Luffy took the Kuja warrior Margaret with him, and escaped from the village.
Margaret: If I stay with you like this, I could get attached to you!
Luffy: H-hey! Stop it!
Momonga: I am a vice-admiral from Navy HQ, Momonga! Member of the Seven Warlords, Pirate Empress Boa Hancock... Show yourself! I've come to speak to you!
Hancock: I like being one of the Seven Warlords. I would not want to lose that position. However, I despise the World Government. I have no intentions of following your orders. TL Note: Madly in Love
Momonga: If two days pass without you coming back here, I will break our agreement!
Hancock: Do as you wish.
Voice: Open the gate! The Snake Princess has returned! Snake Princess!
Daisy: We've gotten plenty of treasure!
Girl: So cool! I'm gonna join the pirate crew someday, too!
Random voices: Snake Princess!
Sandersonia: Same as ever, huh?
Marigold: It was a long journey. They've waited for our big sister.
Hancock: Has anything changed?
Ran: We ran into two merchant ships and one pirate ship. We got some valuables from some government officials just now, too. I guess.
Daisy: What about the Snake Princess's possessions?
Ran: Don't worry. We had them taken to the castle.
Nyon: Ran, are there nyo books? I'm down hyere.
Ran: Elder Nyon! Let's see... The officials we met just now gave us a newspaper. Here you go.
Nyon: Whyat is this?!
Women: Welcome back!
Enishida: Welcome back, Snake Princess.
Hancock: Thank you for taking care of my castle.
Enishida: A gem found in a distant land was brought here and prepared for you.
Hancock: Such a poor decoration would merely get in the way of my beauty. Enishida, what is this?
Enishida: That is a clay figure of you, which the children from the village worked hard to make. They even colored it. They must have worked really hard on it. Oh, my!
Girl: We tried to make it look like the Snake Princess!
Enishida: We carried it here with great care, so it wouldn't break. It's so sweet!
Hancock: I see... This is me... ...made out of clay.
Enishida: Snake Princess!
Hancock: Do not bring such a filthy object inside my castle! Hurry and get rid of it, and clean up the mess! Regardless of that, Enishida...
Enishida: Yes! What is it?
Hancock: I did not see the warriors at the port.
Enishida: Oh, well... You see... A big, fierce monkey showed up in the jungle. It was a mighty, dangerous beast. They all went to take it down.
Hancock: A monkey?
Margaret: Did you find him?
Kikyo: Take this!
Sweetpea: The saga of "Did she get him?"
Margaret: Look at that!
Aphelandra: Men sure are persistent.
Kikyo: Don't think we'll let you get away!
Enishida: Do not worry. They'll be back soon. I am truly sorry that they weren't there to greet you.
Hancock: Very well, then...
Enishida: Would you like something to drink?
Hancock: Bring me some Hakushu... TL note: Japanese Premium Whiskey
Nyon: I thyink I'll have some as well...
Hancock: Old Nyon! What business do you have, entering my room?!
Nyon: I can come in from anywhere.
Hancock: Get her out of my sight!
Nyon: Wait... Hancock!
Hancock: What was that? It's "Snake Princess"!
Nyon: Excuse me, Snake Princess. The govyernment people's ship is anchored outside. That is a ship that came to pick you up, is it nyot? Were they nyot ordered to escort you by their superiors?
Hancock: Indeed. They told me to fight in a war.
Nyon: Why did you nyot go?! Do as they say! As long as you follow their orders, they won't break our agreement. As powerful as you are, there is nyo way you could be killed.
Hancock: Even so... I'm so scared!
Nyon: She's like a puppy! No, this is no time to get distracted! Your status as one of the Seven Warlords is what keeps this country safe! Until recently, the nest of powerful monsters... known as the Calm Belt, kept this island safe from invaders. But look at how it is nyow. The officials use nyew sailing technology, which has enabled them tyo sail these waters. The fact that you are a member of the Seven Warlords of the Sea... is the only thing that allows the Kuja Pirates to ryoam freely, as well as keeping them from invading our island! We have both young chyildren and old women on this island, and if you lose your status, and we go back to just being a simple country of pirates, a tragedy would befall us!
Hancock: Aren't you the only one who is afraid?
Nyon: I am already fully prepared to die at any tyime. Please look close at this crystal ball!
Enishida: That must be Elder Nyon's 200% accurate... fortune-telling!
Nyon: I will shed light upon your future. It appeared!
Hancock: Such insolence! Get her out of my sight, right now!
Servants: Yes, right away!
Nyon: Wait, Snake Princess! Hey, whyat are you doing?!
Hancock: You should just be silent and watch what happens. Just who do you think you are? Your era came to an end a long time ago... You lost your place as Amazon Lily's empress three decades ago, Gloriosa! If my own selfishness should bring about the end of our kingdom, I would be forgiven for it... Why is that? Indeed, it is because, I am beautiful!
Enishida: There it is! The Snake Princess's "Extreme Looking-Down Pose!"
Hancock: You may have been the empress of this kingdom once, and yet you abandoned the kingdom and set off to sea! You betrayed the Kujas!
Nyon: And that is why I've lived quietly in a corner of the vyillage!
Hancock: If so, then you should have remained there! You have stepped far out of line, to defy the empress like this!
Servants: Snake Princess!
Nyon: Let me dyown!
Hancock: However, I am quite impressed by your enthusiasm. I have lost to you.
Nyon: Have you come to your senses, Snake Princess? One can solve anything by tyalking it over. Thank you! So, you are going, then?
Hancock: That was a joke! Do not be so overconfident! Begone from my sight!
Nyon: How could you, Snake Princess?!
Servant 1: Snake Princess...
Servant 2: How could you treat an old woman like that?
Hancock: It was an accident!
Servants: We understand! Things like that do happen!
Hancock: Repair the broken window! Irritating woman!
Nyon: I may be old, byut I am still a Kuja Warrior! My skyills haven't decreased one bit!
Hancock: ...My hand slipped. Is the bath ready yet?
Enishida: Yes! We'll put up the fences right away!
Voice: It's time for the Snake Princess's bath! Please leave the palace! We will now start patrolling the perimeters of the castle! Nobody will be allowed inside the castle for the next two hours!
Ran: What are you doing? You're not allowed to go any closer to the palace.
Girl: Hey, why do they always make such a big deal out of the Snake Princess's bath-time?
Ran: How old are you?
Girl: I'm 8!
Ran: In that case, I'll tell you.
Girl: The three Gorgon sisters' secret?
Ran: That's right.
Hancock: I want you to stand guard.
Marigold: Yes, older sister!
Sandersonia: Take your time.
Ran: In the past, monsters known as Gorgon lived in the central waters. They were frightful monsters, who turned everyone who made eye-contact with them into stone. The Snake Princess and her sisters... At the end of their adventure, they somehow managed to bring down one of these monsters. However, just as the monster was on the verge of death, it cast a terrible curse upon the three warriors. The monster's large eyes are engraved into their backs. They say that if they were ever to take off their clothes and reveal those eyes, the curse would make everyone who was near them turn to stone and die. The three Gorgon-sisters never take their clothes off around others because of this. Whenever they take a bath, we put up this blockade to make sure nobody comes near them.
Luffy: THAT HURT!
Sweetpea: The saga of "That's the Man's Voice!"
Kikyo: Did the snakes find him?
Luffy: Dammit... Let go!
Kikyo: Where did he go?
Margaret: Don't tell me he returned to the village?! That man wanted a ship!
Kikyo: What?
Luffy: That hurt... So, what do I do? If I just stay here, they'd find me again... She said there was a pirate ship on this island... I just have to borrow that... No, that's no good. Nami ain't here, and I'd just get lost on my own. I got it! I should have them take me along on their ship. I'll ask 'em if they can take me back to the Sabaody Archipelago! So... I'll just... I've gotta speak to someone important, and seeing how important people live in tall buildings... I'm thinking too hard... I might get a fever... Right! Anyway, I'll just try going into the tallest building! I'll try that one!
Kikyo: Hurry back to the village! The Snake Princess has probably returned by now. If she finds the man, we'll be in big trouble!
Luffy: It broke too easily!
Girl: The roof of the palace collapsed! What?
Ran: That's... where the Snake Princess's bath is!
Luffy: My feet are on the ground... I'm safe! Is this... a bath house?
Hancock: A man?!
Luffy: You... That thing on your back... I... think I've... I... think I've...
Hancock: You saw it?!
Narrator: A terrible punishment awaits Luffy, who has been captured once again!
