Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy had been sent flying off from the Sabaody Archipelago by the Warlord, Bartholomew Kuma. He was separated from his crew... ...and landed alone in the kingdom forbidden to men, Amazon Lily. There, he was sentenced to death... ...and ended up... having to fight the younger sisters of the Snake Princess Hancock in the arena.
Luffy: They don't have any cracks, right? You three wait here. Sorry about this. You were turned into stone because of me. Well, then... Anyway, I just have to beat you two, right?
Hancock: Kill him, Sandersonia! Marigold! For the crime of intruding on this island of women, and for the sin of insulting me! Show him the art of punishment!
Marigold: Take that, and that, and that!
Luffy: What the-?! Poison?! That was close! She bounced it off?! That hurt... Why? I'm made of rubber...
Sandersonia: Snake Dance
Luffy: What's going on? She's predicting all of my moves! That hurts! Hey! What're you doing?! Don't touch them! What if they break?! She saved my life!
Sandersonia: I'm gonna crush her.
Luffy: Stop it! I TOLD YOU TO STOP, DAMMIT!
Ran: That was the "King's Willpower"!
Daisy: You're kidding! Only one in a million people is capable of using the "Willpower" of the chosen ones!
Sandersonia: I've never seen anyone who can use that, aside from our sister...
Marigold: That kid has the quality of a king capable of standing above all others!
Hancock: He has the "King's Willpower", just as I do... What is going on? Isn't he just an ordinary kid?!
Luffy: Alright! I can tell that you're strong! Let's continue... the fight!
Hancock: What are you waiting for?! You have nothing to fear from that man!
Sandersonia: That's right. We have nothing to fear from him, Mari!
Marigold: Indeed, even if he does possess an immense "Willpower", as long as he can't control it, it's nothing but enthusiasm.
Luffy: But first, if we're gonna go all-out, I've gotta move her. It'd be bad if she broke.
Sandersonia: My, you seem to be extremely calm. It seems that you still don't understand the situation you're in. That statue doesn't matter one bit!
Kikyo: Margaret!
Sandersonia: Why would you defend that statue, when it means taking an attack for it?
Luffy: She's got nothing to do with it, right? She's got nothing to do with this fight, does she?!
Hancock: Very well. Let him move that statue.
Sandersonia: Big Sister...
Hancock: We will let that man fight to his heart's content. And then, we will take him down without mercy, and show him just what worthless creatures men are!
Sandersonia and Marigold: Yes!
Luffy: Just wait here a little longer. I'll figure something out after I've beaten these two. Alright, go ahead.
Sandersonia: Oh? Are you ready?
Marigold: Ready to be taken down by us?
Luffy: I already told you... You're the ones who're gonna get beaten up!
Sandersonia: As insolent as ever, I see!
Luffy: That hurt, dammit! I ain't scared of that attack when you can't even hit me! Gomu Gomu no What's up with this smoke?!
Marigold: My poison melts anything it touches. But that's not all it does.
Luffy: This is nothing! Huh? What's this? I feel dizzy...
Marigold: I won't underestimate you any longer. You are our prey. I will weaken you with my poison. I will trap you, and then bring you down for good! If you so much as inhale my poison,  your consciousness will fade!
Luffy: That hurts, dammit!
Sandersonia: What's wrong? Could the gas have already taken effect? As expected, he's practically dead meat.
Marigold: No matter how hard you try, as long as you can't use your ability, you're no different from a mouse to us! Give it up already!
Luffy: I can see clearly! I'm healed! The poison came out! But what should I do about that poisonous smoke? Blow away! Right! I finally cleared it! I've blown away both the poison and the smoke! Now I can fight without worrying!
Sandersonia: Fight without worrying, you say?
Marigold: After being that badly injured, you still say such insolent things?!
Luffy: Alright... I'm not gonna hold back my full power any more.
Sandersonia: Full power? You mean you weren't fighting at full power until now?
Marigold: So, you've got steam coming off your body... How is that gonna help you?
Sandersonia: We can predict your every move! And have you forgotten that your attacks have no effect on us?
Luffy: I'll give it a try.
Sandersonia: No use!
Marigold: Sister Sonia! It seems he like wasn't bluffing when he said this was his full power...
Sandersonia: If so, then I will use my full strength to kill you, too! Why aren't they hitting him?! I can predict his movements, but I can't keep up with them!
Marigold: Sister Sonia! Useless! Your attack will just bounce off of me, just like before. If I can just endure your speed, then your brute attacks won't be able to break through my guard!
Hancock: Sonia! Mari! What are you playing around for?!
Marigold: Big Sister...
Hancock: Have you forgotten that you are here... to punish that man?!
Sandersonia: P-please forgive us, Big Sister! We will finish him off right away!
Luffy: She's burning!
Sandersonia: You're not gonna get away!
Marigold: Oh no! Sister Sonia! Get away from me! What? I'm being pulled! When did our tails get...?!
Sandersonia: It burns! It burns!
Marigold: Please wait, Big Sister! You'll pull me too! Watch out, Sister Sonia! That's the trench of spikes! Grab on to the railing!
Sandersonia: T-that was close...
Hancock: What an outrage! The mark on her back... It's in plain sight! That man!
Sandersonia: You damned man!
Luffy: Don't move! Even if you intend to kill me... I won't kill you!
Sandersonia: Don't get cocky, damn you! Mari! Hurry up and kill him now that you have the chance! What are you doing, Mari?!
Marigold: I can't, Sister Sonia. Right now, that man is... protecting us!
Sandersonia: You're covering my back?
Luffy: You mentioned this earlier, right?
Hancock: He saw my back!
Marigold: Then the only solution is to kill him, right?
Luffy: W-why? I only saw her back...
Hancock: The thing you have seen on my back... is something we don't want revealed, even if we die!
Luffy: You'd rather die than let anyone see it, right? So don't move!
Hancock: The show is over! Before the Gorgon's Eye is exposed, everyone clear out the arena!
Sandersonia: You were just fighting me... Why are you helping me?
Luffy: The thing you don't want anyone to see... doesn't have anything to do with our fight.
Nyon: The man you tried to cyondemn to death... hyas just saved you. Though you might fool the kyingdom, you can't keep decyeiving yourself forever, Snake Princess. The thing you three sisters have on your backs is...
Narrator: Hancock and her sisters, after being saved by Luffy, tell him what their secret is. Hancock reveals the scars of her past, which she had suppressed deep within her heart. A great evil lies in her past...
