Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy had been sent flying off from the Sabaody Archipelago by the Warlord, Bartholomew Kuma. He was separated from his companions, and landed alone in the kingdom forbidden to men, Amazon Lily. Luffy was captured by the Pirate Empress Hancock, and had to fight her younger sisters, Sandersonia and Marigold, who had eaten the Hebi Hebi Fruit. TL Note: Hebi = Snake
Sandersonia: Don't get cocky, damn you! Mari! Hurry up and kill him now that you have the chance!
Marigold: I can't, Sister Sonia. Right now, that man is... protecting us!
Luffy: You'd rather die than let anyone see it, right? Can I let go now?
Marigold: Sister Sonia!
Sandersonia: We are so sorry, Big Sister!
Marigold: Not only did we lose, but we were saved by our enemy!
Luffy: You gonna fight me next?
Hancock: That is enough. That is not my intention.
Luffy: Really? She doesn't have any cracks anywhere, right? Alright, so you can change these guys back from stone now?
Hancock: What did you say?!
Luffy: You should be able to do that somehow, right? They were only protecting me! They didn't do anything wrong! Hey, please!
Hancock: I do indeed know how to turn those three back to their old selves. However... You said that there was a place you wanted to sail to, did you not?
Luffy: Yeah, my friends are waiting for me.
Hancock: Is that so? I will only fulfill one of your requests. Do you choose to have those three statues turned back, or do you choose to leave this island?
Nyon: You must choose one of the two,
Hancock: and give up on the other! Snake Princess, would you really go thyat far? Do not be deceived! Reveal your true nature, man!
Luffy: Really? Thanks! Then, you'll save them, right? Thank you so much!
Nyon: Not even a second of hesitation... A man with such great "Willpower"... is willing to bow his head for the sake of those who saved him? He might just be able to...
Sandersonia: B-Big Sister...
...Forgot her name: But still, who would have thought that man would actually defeat the sisters? What a surprise!
Ran: You're right... Still, that man was so insolent, I doubt the Snake Princess will forgive him. Or those who let him into the kingdom, for that matter.
Kikyo: Sweetpea!
Belladonna: Aphelandra!
Margaret: You were all here?
Kikyo: Indeed. We were wondering what would happen to you.
Margaret: Statue...?
Aphelandra: What could have happened?
Sweetpea: The saga of "I Have No Idea What Could Have Happened"...
Kikyo: You don't remember?
Margaret: No... When we came to\nour senses, the man was really happy.
Luffy: Man, what a relief! I was afraid you might have died!
Aphelandra: There's nobody here...
Sweetpea: The saga of "Is It Over Already?"
Hancock: Hey you, thanks!
Margaret: Snake Princess!
Aphelandra: Well...
Hancock: Please return and continue to protect our island's people.
Margaret: ...and that's what happened.
Ran: Seems like the petrification caused some amnesia... I'll tell you what happened afterwards.
Daisy: Did the Snake Princess turn him into stone this time?
Margaret: I don't know, exactly... I think he's been summoned to Kuja Palace.
Luffy: Hey, what's going on? Oh! Is this like, the feast after the battle? If that's how it is, then I'd be happy to join! What's the speciality around here? It's a kinda meat, right?
Sandersonia: We have to show our gratitude. Thank you.
Luffy: No, you don't need to do that. I can't eat gratitude or anything...
Marigold: If anyone were to see the mark on our backs, we would no longer be able to stay in this country.
Hancock: You may enter. Come inside, man.
Luffy: Inside...?
Hancock: Inside of these curtains.
Luffy: Is it the food? Here I come... Oh, it's not food? Hey. How come you're naked?
Hancock: You are still as impudent as ever... No matter. This mark... Y-you... said that you have seen it somewhere, did you not? Please take another look to be sure. Where have you seen this? Do you know the meaning of this symbol? Answer me quickly! It is not something I like to have on display for very long.
Luffy: Nah, it's not really the same as the one I was thinking of. My friend, a fishman named Hachi, has one...
Hancock: A fishman?
Luffy: Yeah. He's got one kinda like it on his head, so I must've gotten them mixed up. I've never seen your mark before.
Nyon: If he does nyot know, then we should tell him.
Sisters: Elder Nyon!
Hancock: Again, you appear out of nowhere!
Nyon: Be honest, Snake Princess! You have already seen what a byig heart that man has! It is alright. Just relax and tell him everything. I am nyot mistaken in assuming that you are the pirate, Monkey D. Luffy, am I?
Luffy: Yeah, that's me. How'd you know who I was?
Nyon: You've caused such an uproar, anyone would knyow. Look at this nyewspaper! Jyust the other day, on the Sabaody Archipelago, close to the world's Center of Power, this man attacked a Celestial Dragon! That's an act that only one who does not fear the wrath of gods would perform!
Hancock: A Celestial Dragon?!
Nyon: Afterwards, he myiraculously managed to escape from the strongest fighters of Central! After that incident, he somehow mayde it to our distant kingdom in a mere two days! There are many things about this I cannot understand...
Marigold: What are you?!
Luffy: I'm telling you, I was sent flying all of a sudden! I don't have a clue where this place is! And I don't regret attacking that Celestial Dragon. Do you know what he did to my friends?
Hancock: Then, that means... You really did stand up to the Celestial Dragons? So... Such a fool... still existed in this world? Someone who would defy the heavens with no regard for his own life... just like he did!
Luffy: "He"?
Hancock: I will tell you everything. Even the meaning behind the symbol branded into your friend's forehead.
Luffy: Hachi's mark?
Hancock: This is... the Hoof of the Dragon Gallopping Across the Heavens... The crest of the Celestial Dragons! It is burned onto the flesh of those bought by the World Nobles. It is a symbol that will never disappear, forever marking the bearer as less than human!
Luffy: The Celestial Dragons?!
Hancock: We three sisters... were once... slaves of the World Nobles!
Luffy: You were slaves?!
Hancock: It happened when I was twelve years old...
Marigold: Nothing on the starboard side!
Sandersonia: Nothing on the port side, either!
Hancock: Nothing ahead of us! Nothing unusual to report! Don't make fun of me! I've been a warrior for a year already!
Sandersonia: That's our big sister!
Marigold: We'll help you, too!
Hancock: The three of us were abducted from the Kuja Pirates, and fell into the hands of the slave-traders. We were sold into slavery. Everything after that... is a disgusting past which I do not wish to be reminded of. The first men I ever saw in my life were a terrifying crowd...
Marigold: Sister Sonia! Calm down!
Hancock: The memories keep coming back...
Luffy: H-hey, it's okay! Don't force yourselves! You don't have to tell me!
Hancock: It was a horrible life. We could not see even the tiniest sliver of hope... I only wanted to die!
Luffy: Hey, are you...
Hancock: However, one day, 4 years later... an incident occurred that shook the World Government to the very core. Nobody dared stand against the Celestial Dragons. That was an undisputed law. But then came a man who climbed the Red Line bare-handed, and snuck into the Holy Land Mariejoa, home of the Celestial Dragons. He was an adventurer who would one day come to command an entire crew of fishman pirates... Fisher Tiger. He entered the city responsible for so much cruelty towards his fellow fishmen, and razed it to the ground in order to free the fishman slaves.
Fishman: We're free!
Hancock: It was in his nature to hate humans, yet he indiscriminately freed slaves regardless of species. We, too, ran away as fast as we could. We cannot express how indebted we are to him. Tiger allowed countless fishmen to escape to sea, but their slave markings would never fade. Having made an enemy of the World Government, Tiger formed the Sun Pirates with those fishmen, and left those waters. As if he was lifting a curse, he covered the marks of the Celestial Dragons... He replaced them with a symbol of the sun! The mark which you mistook for my symbol... was most likely the symbol of that fishman pirate-crew.
Luffy: Oh, that's right. The mark on Hachi's forehead does look like the sun. Does that mean that he was a slave once, too?
Sandersonia: That is not necessarily the case.
Marigold: That symbol was put on everyone in that crew, so that nobody would be able to tell who had been a slave before. It definitely means that he was a member of the Sun Pirates once, though.
Nyon: Fisher Tiger has long since died, and his crew has split into several smaller pirate-crews.
Luffy: Hey, when'd you get that injury?
Hachi: Oh, don't worry about this.
Luffy: I guess Hachi has led a complicated life, too...
Marigold: That is why the mark on our back resembles the fishmen's brand.
Luffy: Really? Ok, I get it now.
Hancock: Ironically, the Devil Fruits we were given as slaves to entertain our masters, TL Note: Mero Mero = Madly in love the Mero Mero Fruit and the Hebi Hebi Fruits, were what made it possible for us to deceive the country and protect our secret. If you hadn't covered Sonia's back earlier, then we would not have been able to stay on this island any longer. We must never let anyone know of our past! Even if it means deceiving the entire kingdom... We must never let our guard down for as long as we live! We will never be slaves again! The idea of being at someone else's mercy... It is too frightening for me to endure...!
Marigold: Big Sister...
Nyon: But it syure has been a long time... since you were this sincere about your own feelings. I was actually wondering if your heart had turned to ice by now.
Hancock: Be silent, you traitor who abandoned the kingdom!
Nyon: You are the one who shyould be silent! After you had been freed from the Celestial Dragons, you were just a defenseless little girl... Wandering around, and not knowing how to return to the island! Who do you thyink it was who brought you all the way back hyere?! You only myade it back because I lived outside the kingdom!
Hancock: You try to change my mind because of such a small debt?
Nyon: WHYAT!?
Sisters: Elder Nyon...
Nyon: Have I nyot always watched over you as if you were my own children?!
Sisters: Yes, yes...
Nyon: And you dare call that a "small debt"?! Damned Snake Princess! Let me gyo! Mari! Sonia!
Hancock: Do you... hate me, now that you know that I was a slave?
Luffy: What're you talking about? I told you, I hate the Celestial Dragons!
Hancock: I like you! You had another request, did you not? Very well! Tell me where you want to go, and I shall lend you a ship!
Luffy: Really?!
Narrator: The Kuja Pirates have a banquet. And there, Luffy, surrounded by women... ...is saved by Margaret and hides off into Elder Nyon's house. But while there, he learns of the danger his older brother Ace is in, and has to make a big decision!
