Narrator: Having seen the purity of Luffy's heart, and having learned of his conflict with the Celestial Dragons, Hancock began to trust Luffy.
Luffy: Really?! You're really gonna lend me a ship?!
Hancock: Don't worry about it.
Luffy: I would not lie. Then, please lend me a ship! It doesn't matter what kind of ship it is as long as it can sail.
Hancock: The departure will be tomorrow morning. The Kuja Pirates will carry you to the Sabaody Archipelago.
Sisters: On the pirate ship?
Luffy: Thanks for your trouble.
Hancock: You should rest well tonight to prepare for the journey.
Luffy: I'm getting off this island tomorrow! I wanna see everybody as soon as possible!
Nyon: He really is a strange man...
Hancock: Sonia, Mari. Make sure Luffy has a seat for tonight's banquet!
Sisters: A man? Big Sister, that's...
Hancock: Understood?
Sisters: Y-Yes...
Luffy: What kind of banquet is it?
Nyon: It's a banquet we hold to celebrate the Kuja Pirates' safe return with a big haul.
Luffy: And I get to eat? I haven't eaten in so long! Yes!! A banquet! You're gonna come, too, right?
Hancock: No, I am a little tired. I'll be going to bed early today.
Luffy: I see. So, you're gonna give me a ship and food... Man, when it rains, it pours!
Nyon: Perhaps you meant to say "you're generous"?
Luffy: Banquet! Banquet! Banquet!
Nyon: I would never have imagined that the Snake Princess would trust him so much.
Hancock: I like you!
Luffy: Food! Banquet! I'm gonna pig out! Delicious! And this one's delicious! There's lotsa delicious food! Aren't you gonna eat anything? Then I can eat yours too, right? This one, too.
Sweet Pea: That man saved our lives.
Aphelandra: I heard he's leaving the island tomorrow morning.
A girl: I guess it's true that men's bodies are strange?
The other girl: I saw it at the arena. Their legs can stretch really far! I wonder how far can he stretch? I know, I'd like to try touching Luffy-sama's body myself...
A girl: Luffy-sama?
The other girl: Yes, it seems that's his name.
A girl: Oh, Luffy-sama!
Guard girl: Watch your mouth! It is outrageous of you to address a man that way! Don't forget the laws of Amazon Lily!
a girl: Then why is Luffy-sama here?
Two girl: Right?
Blackhaired girl: Why is this man here, Ran? He was sentenced to death just this morning!
Orangehaired girl: And all of places, he's at our celebration!
Fattygirl: I can't believe that Snake Princess has truly forgiven him!
Ran: Maybe...
The other girl: A trap?!
Ran: He fought surprisingly hard at the arena. She's letting him have a feast and relax, so we can catch him off guard and take him down.
Orangehaired girl: It's our duty to take him down, right?
Ran: Are you ready? Let's finish that man off! Hold it!
Fattygirl: He can't have realized?
Luffy: Quit screwing around! Cut it out already!
Ran: I guess he saw through the trap!
Fattygirl: Regardless, is he seriously going to fight us with a wok and a ladle?
Blackhairedgirl: This just shows how stupid that man is.
Luffy: Why aren't you singing? What are you doing? Listen up, y'all! Going to deliver Binks's sake! Following the sea breeze, riding on the waves! Far across the salty deeps, the merry evening sun~ Painting circles in the sky, birds singing along!
Crowded: What is that?
Luffy: Farewell to the harbor, to my old hometown!
Aphelandra: That's funnier than Sweetpea's drunken dance!
Luffy: Let's all sing out with a DON, as the ship sets sail!
Sweetpea: The saga of "I Hate to Admit It, but I Lost to Him".
Luffy: Waves of gold and silver dissolve to salty spray~ As we all set sail to the ends of the sea! Just like I showed you, you do it like this!
Sweatpea: Like this!
Orangehaired girl: Is it like this?
The girl with notebook: That's funny! Luffy-sama! So men put chopsticks from their nostrils to their mouths and hold...
BlackHaired girl: What an undignified dance...
Luffy: TL Note: Rubber Stomach Painting Gomu Gomu no Hara E
Cooker girl: Here.
Luffy: Specialty?
Cooker girl: Penne Gorgonzola with Sea King meat.
Luffy: I eat Sea King meat all the time, but this is really wonderful!
Girls: He really does stretch! It's so soft, like he's made of rubber! Your time's up! Let me do it one more time! No, if I let you continue, you'll never stop!
Luffy: This Sea King meat is delicious! It's getting kinda hard to eat, though... W-What is with you?!
The girl: It can't be helped. There are a lot of girls who want a chance to touch a man. Look!
Line: Hurry up! I wanna touch him now!
The girl: You're very popular!
Line: Luffy-chan!
Luffy: Hey! I'm not your sideshow!
Girls: It's okay, Luffy-chan!
Luffy: Hey! S-Stop it!
Sweatpea: Margaret...
Girls: Where is Luffy-sama? Oh no! He ran away! He must still be somewhere close! Let's find him and touch him!
Luffy: What's with them?
Margaret: Stay hidden!
Luffy: This is all the food I could bring!
Margaret: It is great that you will be able to return to where your crew mates are, isn't it?!
Luffy: Yeah. I'm sorry for all the trouble I've caused you. I was really scared when you turned into a statue!
Margaret: But you defended us, didn't you? I heard what you did for us. Thank you, Luffy!
Marigold: What is the matter with Big Sister?
Sonia: She hasn't eaten anything. Although she says she is tired, it seems she can't sleep.
Marigold: She must be thinking about what happened today.
Hancock: Tomorrow morning...
Sisters: Big Sister!
Margaret: Elder Nyon!
Nyon: What is the myatter, Margaret?
Margaret: Luffy turned out to be quite popular among the women of the village.
Nyon: Well, men are unyusual beings here after all.
Luffy: Hi, Granny Bean!
Nyon: This place is at the cyorner of the village. Take your time here. And who are you cyalling "Bean"?! He is hyaving a meal. Bring him some tea or syomething.
Margaret: Okay!
Luffy: Granny, you like reading newspapers, huh?
Nyon: The News Coos don't deliver to the Calm Belt, so it's hard to get thyese. The empress of this kingdom is a Warlord,
Luffy: Who's a Warlord?
Nyon: Snake Princess.
Luffy: She's a Warlord? Does that mean she's a really strong fighter?
Nyon: You are a pyirate, yet you did not know that?
Luffy: Nope, didn't know.
Nyon: Don't you read the nyewspapers?
Luffy: Nope, don't read 'em. What a surprise!
Nyon: Snake Princess became the empress of this kingdom, and captain of the Kuja Pirates, eleven years ago. She was still so young,
Luffy: Just one voyage?
Nyon: That, along with the bad reputation the Kuja had already earned, made the World Government wary of Snake Princess right away, But now that title is in danger of being lost,
Luffy: WHAT?! What's going on?! That's more than I can take in all at once!
Nyon: What a hopeless man. Although this is only speculation at the moment, the battle will certainly happen sooner or later. The World Government has made the first move. Whitebeard is a man who would never allow his mates to be killed. Even though they know that, they have announced the public execution of Whitebeard's elite subordinate, Portgas D. Ace! ...they have announced the public execution of Whitebeard's elite subordinate, Portgas D. Ace!
Margaret: What's wrong?
Luffy: Who?
Nyon: Ace... Fire Fist Ace. Ace... Fire Fist Ace.
Luffy: Ace is gonna be executed?!
Nyon: I heard that a pirate called Blackbeard
Luffy: Blackbeard...
Nyon: The World Government intends to take full advantage
Luffy: Granny! Granny!
Nyon: What?!
Luffy: I didn't even know that he'd been captured! What do you mean, "executed"?! Does that mean he can't get out of it?!
Nyon: If Whitebeard wins that battle,
Luffy: What do I do?
Nyon: It says it will take place in the plaza of Marineford, in a week, which would be six days from today.
Luffy: That's too soon! How long does it take to get to the Sabaody Archipelago from here?
Nyon: Well, I think it takes more than a week.
Luffy: If it takes that long, Then how long would it take to get to where Ace is from here?!
Nyon: Impel Down is where he is imprisoned.
Luffy: Why?! Are the navy ships that fast?!
Nyon: There is a current that is being used exclusively by the World Government. Enies Lobby... This giant spiral current connects those three facilities. When they open the giant gates, the Gates of Justice, which lie outside each, the current runs inside, allowing ships to enter each facility. In other words, if the gates aren't open, The pirate ships take an extended detour in order to avoid that current.
Luffy: What should I do?
Nyon: What do you want to do? Could that be your older brother's Vivre Card?!
Margaret: Is that the moving piece of paper that was so important to you?
Luffy: That's a different piece. This is Ace's piece.
Nyon: It's also known as "paper of life". It shows you the direction and vital energy of its owner.
Margaret: Then, it must be so small because...
Luffy: When I first got it, it was ten times bigger than this. Ace has his own adventure.
Ace: I wanted you to have this. Carry it with you... always.
Luffy: What? It's just a piece of paper.
Ace: Yeah, that's right. That piece of paper... Don't you want it?
Luffy: No, I'll keep it.
Ace: Since I have a clumsy little brother,
Luffy: Me wanting to save my strong big brother... But... Sorry guys. I'm gonna take a short detour. I wanna go save Ace!
Nyon: You know how reckless this is, It is as futile as a single ant jumping into a storm. You might get cast aside without even a chance of doing anything.
Luffy: I don't care about what may happen! I wanna go anyway! I can't just sit around and let this happen!
Nyon: Alright, understood. So you're going to save the most important prisoner in the world. If there is any chance at all, Once he is moved to the execution ground in Marineford, Even so, The prison itself should also be heavily guarded by military forces. It is impossible to break in.
Luffy: I don't care what happens once I'm there. Right now, I just need to get there! I have to get there while Ace is still there! If I had a big enough oar, I'd just paddle there...
Nyon: Wait! Wait! This is a slim chance as well, but... Until now, Snake Princess has obstinately refused to answer the call for the Warlords to assemble. If Snake Princess were to respond,
Luffy: Battleship? Then I'm gonna go ask her!
Enishida: Elder Nyon!
Nyon: What's wrong, Enishida? What is your rush?
Enishida: Thank God.
Luffy: What's happened?
Enishida: Well,
Luffy: Collapsed?
Nyon: Whyat did you say?!
Sisters: Big sister!
Hancock: Am I...
TheMan: Hancock has contracted a terrible disease!
