Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line!
TheMan: Luffy had been blasted off from the Sabaody Archipelago by the Warlord, Bartholomew Kuma. He was separated from his crew, and landed alone in the kingdom forbidden to men, Luffy gained the sympathy of Pirate Empress Boa Hancock, and she decided to send him to the Sabaody Archipelago by the Kuja Pirates' ship the following morning.
Enishida: Elder Nyon!
Nyon: What is the matter, Enishida? What's the rush?
Enishida: The Snake Princess has...
Vice-Admiral1: Damn that Pirate Empress! Does she seriously intend to defy the orders of the World Government? I hope you are aware of what is gonna happen to this kingdom...
Sister1: Big Sister, get a hold of yourself!
Sister2: Big Sister!
Nyon: I heard that the Snake Princess is ill.
Sister1: Ah, Elder Nyon!
Nyon: You, wait outside for a while.
Luffy: Huh? But I'm in a hurry!
Nyon: I know that already!
Hancock: It's painful...
Doctor: She's been grasping her chest the whole time, I couldn't figure it out... I've never seen symptoms like these before... I have no idea what kind of medicine I should use...
Enishida: Snake Princess looks like she is in so much pain... She hasn't eaten anything either...
Luffy: I'm getting off this island tomorrow! I wanna meet everybody as soon as possible!
Nyon: Tomorrow morning... Could it be...?! Mon... Lu...
Sister1: Snake Princess!
Sister2: You are making our Big Sister suffer even more!
Nyon: I am not teasing her at all! I see... To think this could be-!! Damn this virus, attacking at such an inconvenient time!
Sister2: Huh? Virus?
Sister1: Do you know what it is?
Hancock: Elder Nyon! It hurts so much... Am I going to die?
Nyon: Yes, you will die.
Sister2: What the hell are you saying?!
Sister1: Quit making stupid jokes, Elder Nyon!
Nyon: The previous empress... As did the one before her. In fact, I was once infected by the same disease, so I left the kingdom. I have brought Monkey D. Luffy with me, Snake Princess.
Marigold: Wait, Elder Nyon!
Nyon: It appears that he wants to ask you something.
Sandersonia: With our Big Sister in such a state?!
Marigold: What are you thinking?!
Enishida: She stood up!
Hancock: I do not mind. I will hear his request.
Nyon: Such incredible luck! Monkey D. Luffy... Could it be that you managed to move the mountain...
Hancock: Is there something you wanted, Luffy?
Luffy: I've got a favor to ask. You feelin' better now?
Hancock: I cannot be defeated by a mere illness.
Luffy: That pirate who's 'bout to get executed, Ace of the Whitebeard Pirates... he's my big brother! I wanna save Ace!
Hancock: Your older brother is Whitebeard's...
Luffy: Can you go on that ship the Navy sent for you,
Sandersonia: How selfish! Strawhat Luffy, you know of the scars in our sister's heart... and yet, you dare to ask her to take you to that detestable place?!
Marigold: What a horrible man!
Sandersonia: You'd take advantage of the mercy we've shown! This is why men are so-
Marigold: Just petrify him and toss him over the edge now!
Hancock: So, you are asking me to answer the summons of the Warlords?
Sandersonia: Big Sister!
Marigold: Do it!
Hancock: If that is what you wish... then I would follow you anywhere!
Luffy: What a relief! Thanks!
Nyon: Snake Princess has decided to accept the Warlords' summons!
Sisters: What is going on, Elder Nyon?!
Nyon: Snake Princess is suffering from "love-sickness"! The empresses before her all died of "love-burn"! There is a saying in the eastern seas... "Love is... ...always... ...A HURRICANE!"
Hancock: What is the matter with me? I do not wish to refuse Luffy's request... So I said I would answer the summons... Even so, I do not feel bad about it!
Nyon: That is love!
Hancock: Love?
Nyon: The pain of yearning for the one whom you cannot see will weaken you until you die... The previous empresses all fell in love, yet as empresses, they had no choice but to repress their feelings and remain on the island. The pain from their suppressed feelings began to hurt them, However, your decision to go with that man will save your life! By answering the summons and maintaining your position as a Warlord, you will ensure the country's safety, I wonder, what star was that man born under? Usually, any pirate who wants to go to the prison has to turn himself in...
Hancock: It is I.
Momonga: Boa Hancock?
Hancock: I have decided to respond to the call to assemble. However, I have one condition. If you cannot meet this condition...
Momonga: Go ahead and tell me this "condition" of yours.
Margaret: Luffy!
Luffy: You guys! I owe you so much for this... Next time, I'll bring my friends here too!
Margaret: Your friends?
Luffy: Yeah! And then I'll let you taste some of Sanji's cooking! His cooking is the best! I'm sure you'll all be surprised! And the skeleton-musician will be come too!
Margaret: Skeleton?
Luffy: His name is Brook.
Margaret and Aphelandra: Panties?
Sweetpea: The saga of "What's So Fun About Seeing Those?"
Luffy: And then there's a reindeer named Chopper, and... Come to think of it, will that be alright? Nami and Robin should be fine, but men aren't allowed in this country...
Margaret: If they're your friends, then I think it would be fine.
Sweetpea: It seems like this is the saga of "The Snake Princess Made a Special Exception For You", after all.
Aphelandra: I'll be looking forward to it!
Sweetpea: The saga of "So, You Were Here"?
Hancock: Who would be so insolent... as to leave... a puppy and... a baby seal blocking my path?!
Women: SNAKE PRINCESS!
Hancock: Please be more careful.
Luffy: I'm sorry that we gotta leave so suddenly. Snake-woman! I wanna get going as soon as possible!
Hancock: Oh, no! If I look into his eyes...
Margaret: No, Luffy! It's rude of you to call her that! You must address her as "Snake Princess"!
Hancock: Please, call me Hancock.
Women: SNAKE PRINCESS!
Luffy: Yeah, sure thing, Hammock!
Hancock: It's "Hancock".
Nyon: A woman in love... I was like that once... SILENCE!
Women: See ya la'der!
Aphelandra: You'll come back, right?
Sweetpea: It's the saga of "We'll Be Looking Forward To It!"
Luffy: It's done!
Margaret: I didn't have to save you.
Luffy: Man, what a relief! I was afraid you might have died! TL Note: Rubber Stomach Painting Gomu Gomu no Hara E
Margaret: Luffy! I sure hope we'll get to meet your friends!
Luffy: Sure!
Enishida: Elder Nyon... Even if there's nothing wrong with Snake Princess, will Luffy really be able to safely ride the Navy's escort ship?
Nyon: Not only does he have a bounty of 300 million beli on his head, but Monkey D. Luffy also caused that incident at the Sabaody Archipelago. The Navy must certainly consider him an enemy.
Enishida: Is he planning to hide among her luggage?
Nyon: You need nyot worry.
Momonga: I've been waiting for you, Boa Hancock.
Hancock: I told you my conditions on the Snail-Phone.
Momonga: If this is about your request to make a stop at the Great Prison, Impel Down, then I've managed to get permission from above. Only you and that snake will be coming, correct? Pirates, especially the Seven Warlords, are forbidden to approach the prison. This is a special case.
Hancock: I realize that.
Sandersonia: Then, Big Sister, please be careful.
Marigold: Make sure you come back alive, Big Sister.
Hancock: I will be going, then. I leave the kingdom to you for the time being.
Everyone: Yes!
Momonga: The wait was worth it. Now, it seems I'll be able to fulfill my mission. Still, considering how opposed you were to coming along earlier, you still made the right decision. It seems that even the feared Pirate Empress... is still human. Even your stomach growls in hunger.
Hancock: Do not be absurd! An empress would not make such a disgusting...
Momonga: Then what was that just now?
Hancock: It was me! Luffy...
Luffy: Sorry.
Hancock: If you are discovered here, there will be no recourse. I will give you food afterwards.
Luffy: For now, you must endure it.
Hancock: Got it.
Luffy: Like this?
Momonga: Do you have a fever or something? Your face is red...
Hancock: It is nothing.
Momonga: In that case, could you do something about my petrified crew? I can't return to Navy HQ Are they all dead? Was that a man's voice just now...?
Hancock: It was me! The night air is bad for my body. I've likely caught a cold.
Luffy: Sorry! Your hair tickles, you know!
Hancock: It would seem that I deceived him, somehow.
Momonga: This is only a hunch, but you aren't planning on anything, are you?
Hancock: Whatever could you mean?
Momonga: Your behavior seems somewhat different from our previous encounter...
Luffy: He knows?
Hancock: My mind and body are untarnished and free of sin. If you have any doubts, why not examine my body yourself? I do not mind. I give you my permission.
Luffy: What're you saying? This is too risky!
Momonga: No. When you put it that way, I have only to take your word. Take care of my crew. We're gonna go to Impel Down,
Hancock: Awaken.
Marines: ...CK-SAMA!
Marine: ...What?
Momonga: Get the ship moving, fools!
Marines: Uh, yes! Right away!
Momonga: Before we go to Marineford, we head for Impel Down!
Marine: Fleet Admiral Sengoku! We've gotten a message from Vice Admiral Momonga! Apparently, the Pirate Empress Boa Hancock
Sengoku: Finally. I sure hope she makes it in time. That woman is strong. Now we have six of the Seven Warlords gathered. Hawk-Eye Mihawk... Bartholomew Kuma... Donquixote Doflamingo... Gecko Moria... Marshall D. Teach... ...and Boa Hancock. What about the last one, still sitting in prison? Has he come to his senses?
Marine: No, he's still completely against this fight. It seems he's even ready to accept losing his position as a Warlord.
Sengoku: I thought he'd be our strongest supporter in this case... To think that he'd be this opposed to it... Damn that Jinbei...
Marine: Reporting in! Fleet Admiral! Impel Down says they don't have the manpower to handle them all...
Sengoku: Talk to the Labor Department! Don't ask me for anything unrelated to the Whitebeard case!
Marine: Oh, and the World Noble, Saint Rosward demands...
Sengoku: Let the Admirals deal with him! What about Garp?
Marine: Vice-Admiral Garp has gone to Impel Down.
Sengoku: What does he think he's doing?! Doing whatever he pleases at such a crucial moment...
Marine: Fleet Admiral Sengoku! This is an emergency!
Sengoku: So, he's coming... the patrol ships reported it? Patch me through so they can confirm it themselves.
Marine: Well, you see... All 23 ships we had keeping an eye on Whitebeard's flagship, the Moby Dick... just vanished. We can't contact them.
Sengoku: W-What?!
Marine: Apparently, there have been suspicious movements among other pirates in the New World as well! We can't get any information on how many of them there are or when they will come here! We sent out another patrol, but...
Sengoku: He got us! He's already started to move, hasn't he? We have no idea where he'll strike... As long as we've got Ace imprisoned... We need to tell everyone that it is possible that there might be a showdown in Impel Down!
Marines: Yessir!
Man: This way, Vice-Admiral Garp. Take care!
Garp: Sure. Well, you sure look pitiful... You still alive there... ...Ace?
Narrator: The crew has been blasted off thanks to Kuma's power. A mysterious old man lives on the island where Nami has landed. What is he researching on that island? Meanwhile, on a different island, a disaster befalls Franky!
