Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! In order to save his brother Ace, who had been captured by the Navy, Luffy secured the help of the Pirate Empress Boa Hancock, who snuck him aboard a Navy ship, and is now headed for the great prison, Impel Down. Meanwhile, the Straw Hat Pirates have been scattered to various islands by Bartholomew Kuma.
Government official: This is a country of laborers.
Government official 2: Pull! Pull!
Government official: The people working here are all criminals from other countries, or inhabitants from countries that refused to join the World Government. I guess you could call them slaves.
Robin: When will this bridge be completed?
Government official: It'll probably take a while... You're one of our workers now, so you just have to build the bridge!
Usopp: Is this edible? I've never seen a fruit like this before.
Heraclesun: USOPPUN!
Usopp: W-What was that?! Was that thing trying to eat me?!
Heraclesun: Of coursun. It's a man-eating plantun.
Usopp: WHAT IS WITH THIS PLACE?!
Heraclesun: This is the highwayman's forest, Grinston.
Usopp: HELP!!!
Luffy: These Navy guys sure have good food, but the stuff Sanji makes is still better...
Hancock: Mero Mero Mellow Those two women Luffy mentioned in his crew worry me... So, there is no way I can make you want me more than you want them?
Luffy: That's why I told you to forget about me. You sure don't know when to give up, do you?
Hancock: If I have any bad qualities, then please tell me, Luffy! I shall rid myself of them all! Please wait, Luffy! I shall never give up! Because... I love Luffy far more than they ever will!
Luffy: I sure ate a lot! That was great!
Hancock: L-Luffy! Have you forgotten that you are a fugitive?
Lieutenant Stalker: Is this the laugh of that fair and lovely empress? That's actually a little intriguing... But still, it bothers me... "Must investigate further."
Narrator: What has become of the crew, who have been scattered to random islands by Bartholomew Kuma?
Perona: I've been cursed! I've been cursed! I've been cursed! It's true, I did tell him that... "If I were to go on a vacation, I'd like to go to a dark, gloomy, haunted old castle... ...where I'd spend my days singing cursed songs." Damn you, Kuma! But no one told me there wouldn't be any servants here! No one told me that I wouldn't get to wake up in a soft bed, being served a bagel sandwich with warm cocoa! No one told me there wouldn't be any cute stuffed animals here!!! Where am I? Moria-sama! I'm so lonely, Kumashi... I want to go back to Thriller Bark! Could it be...? I knew it! Someone else got sent here! I sure hope it's somebody cute! Well, I'm not expecting any miracles here... Whatever, now I won't be alone anymore! H-He's... ...one of Straw Hat's crew! He must have been defeated by Kuma... He isn't dead yet? He's still alive, even though he's this badly beaten?! In any case, if I leave him like this, it's just a matter of time... Serves him right!
Zoro: I'm alive... Where am I? Wait, you're...
Franky: RUN!
Zoro: Please forgive me for treading the same earth as everyone else. What are you doing here?
Perona: I should be asking you that! Crying out all of a sudden...
Zoro: Where are my swords?
Perona: Oh, you want your weapons back?
Zoro: Why, you...!
Perona: Take this!
Zoro: Forgive me, for I'm not worthy of being alive.
Perona: I did it! I can still do it if I put my mind to it!
Zoro: How dare you do that to me?!
Perona: Don't speak to me in that tone of voice! It's not cute! You belong to me now. Do you understand? I'm gonna take good care of you.
Zoro: What ARE you doing?! Let go of me!
Perona: Now I wont be lonely anymore.
Zoro: Damn...I can hardly move...! WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?!
Perona: Kumashi!
Zoro: What did you do to me, dammit?! Let go of me! Forgive me for yelling.
Perona: As long as you understand, it's okay.
Zoro: Why, you- Sorry for being cocky... Quit messing with m- Allow me to call you "Mistress"... ...like HELL I'll say that! Please forgive my rudeness. CUT IT OUT ALREADY, DAMMIT! I don't have time to be lying around out here. I've gotta hurry up and get back.
Perona: The exit's that way.
Zoro: Huh? Really?
Perona: Why'd I tell him that?! Hey, wait, where are you going?! Do you ALWAYS go the wrong way?! Hey!
Zoro: What? You gonna tell me where my swords are now?
Perona: Well, are you leaving or not?!
Zoro: That's none of your business.
Perona: I won't let you get away that easily! You're gonna have to stay with me for a while longer.
Devil-worshipper: Please, hear our prayers. Please, hear our prayers. Please, hear our prayers. Please, bring death and despair upon our despised enemies. Please, grant our wishes. Please, hear our prayers. Please, hear our prayers. Show yourself, Satan! Show yourself, Satan! Please, grant our wishes!
Devil-worshippers: Satan-sama! Satan-sama!
Devil-worshipper: I-Is this the Devil?
Devil-worshipper 2: We really managed to summon him with our black magic! What a frightening appearance!
Devil-worshipper 3: He's clearly not of this world...
Devil-worshipper: Our wish can be fulfilled! We can have our revenge on those people!
Devil-worshipper 2: We have nothing left!
Devil-worshipper 3: We will have our revenge on the Longhand tribe, who have taken everything from us!
Devil-worshipper: King of Demons, Satan-sama... then every one of us will surrender our very souls to you!
Devil-worshipper 2: Please rain death upon them!
Devil-worshippers: King of Demons, Satan-sama!
Brook: How far can I have flown? Where could Luffy-san and the others be? I have to go back... Back to where the others are!
Devil-worshipper: Please wait!
Devil-worshipper 2: We must keep him here, whatever it takes!
Devil-worshipper 3: Maybe we didn't offer enough sacrifices?
Devil-worshipper 4: What could Satan-sama want?
Devil-worshipper 5: Maybe a living sacrifice? Blood?
Devil-worshipper 6: What should we do?
Devil-worshipper 7: What can we offer him to make him listen to our wishes?
Brook: Where is this place? Excuse me...
Devil-worshipper: P-Panties! Hurry and show him your underwear!
Brook: Um, I did not mean the men's underwear...
Narrator: Returning to the present... Luffy intends to help his brother Ace escape, and is crossing the waves, heading toward Impel Down.
Lieutenant Stalker: No matter how I look at it, it's too suspicious!
Luffy: I sure ate a lot! That was great!
Hancock: L-Luffy! Have you forgotten that you are a fugitive?
Marine: Hancock! Do you have someone else in your room?
Hancock: Oh, no!
Marine: Lieutenant Stalker, are you sure about what you heard?
Lieutenant Stalker: Yessir! I definitely heard someone say "Bwah! I sure ate a lot"! Do you really think the empress would say something like that?
Marine: No way! If that was her, then I'll shave my hair into a Mohawk!
Marine 2: Me too!
Hancock: I sure ate a lot!
Marines: SHE SAID IT!
Hancock: The meal was satisfying. Please remove the dishes. Do not forget, I need five portions like this every day.
Marines: That much?!
Marine: But then we won't have anything to eat!
Hancock: I would not care if you were to die.
Marines: YOU'RE HORRIBLE! BUT YOU'RE SO BEAUTIFUL~!
Narrator: Six days remain before Portgas D. Ace's execution. Whitebeard has eliminated the scouts sent to watch him, doubling the tension at Navy HQ. The port of Marineford is now crowded with well-known, strong marines returning from their outposts all around the world. All forces who carry the name of "Justice"... have gathered at Navy HQ. Meanwhile, in the Holy Land of Mariejoa, the assembled members of the Seven Warlords... are instructed to form their own battle unit. It is a gathering of unruly misfits. There is but one thing that can be said for certain: The idea of these men fighting together is unthinkable.
Ace: O-Old man...
Garp: I'm impressed that you're still conscious, with all those wounds. Ace! Because of you, Navy HQ... No, the entire World Government is in an uproar.
Ace: K-Kill me! Just... kill me!
Garp: Kill you, you say? Fool! Anything we could do now would be pointless. Even if you died right now, it wouldn't stop Whitebeard. Nobody can stop this now. We have angered... ...the king of the sea!
Ace: Pops...!
Narrator: Setting aside his concern for his scattered crewmates, Luffy heads to Impel Down to save Ace. It is an inescapable prison reserved for the most heinous of criminals. Will Luffy manage to reach his brother, Ace?
