Domino: They were quite impressive as far as new prisoners go.
Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! In order to save his brother, Ace, who had been captured by the Navy... Luffy gained the cooperation of the Pirate Empress, Boa Hancock... who snuck him aboard a Navy ship, and he is now heading for the great prison, Impel Down. Meanwhile, the Straw Hat Crew have been scattered to various islands by Bartholomew Kuma. And now, as Ace's execution grows nearer, tension at Navy HQ rises in preparation for war.
Garp: Nobody can stop this now. We have angered... the king of the sea! I wanted you and Luffy to become great marines... Nevermind marines, you two brothers have become notorious outlaws. I'm sure you've heard the rumors about Luffy, too. In Water 7, he picked a fight with the World Government... and somehow managed to invade the Island of Law, Enies Lobby. I shot over there and gave him a taste of the old man's Fist of Love! Doesn't seem to have helped one bit, though. After that, he caused a huge uproar on the Sabaody Archipelago. I'd expect no less from my own grandson! Oh, yeah. I also told Luffy about his father.
Luffy: Whaddaya mean, "Dad"? I have a dad?
Garp: Your dad's name is Monkey D. Dragon. He's a revolutionary. He was really surprised to hear he had a father.
Ace: Doesn't matter... Whether we know about it or not... as annoying as it is, both me and Luffy carry the blood of a world-renowned criminal. There's no way we could've ever been marines. Even though I owe my mother a debt of gratitude and took the name "Portgas"... I still can't stand the thought that I carry the blood of that worthless father of mine. I don't remember him at all, and I don't owe him anything.
Garp: Yeah, I get what you mean, but he was just...
Ace: That's why... Gramps...
Whitebeard: I'd hate to see you die right now, kid. Take my name and roam wild and free over the seas! Become my son!
Ace: My old man is... Whitebeard. And no one else.
Marine: Vice Admiral Momonga! We've spotted a pirate ship.
Momonga: Whose ship is it?
Marine: I know I've seen that mark before... I'll go look into it right away!
Momonga: If you can't remember it offhand, then it can't be anyone important. Just ignore it. We must get to our destination quickly.
Marines: Yessir!
Mohji: There's one! A giant Sea-King! If that thing spots us, it'll swallow the ship whole!
Cabaji: Please don't look this way... It's gone. We've gotten this far... but I don't what good we can do if we continue! What should we do now, Big Sis Alvida?
Alvida: Don't look at me. You were the ones who wanted to come here, right? You spent so much money on that Eternal Pose, too.
Mohji: Well, we have to save Captain Buggy, who was taken to Impel Down!
Alvida: Take a look at the sea. The Calm Belt lies just beyond here. That's the monsters' nest. Do you really think we can make it through with this ship? The only other route would be to go there on a Navy-ship. The Gates of Justice won't open for a pirate-ship, after all.
Mohji: No way! You mean we can't even get there? At this rate, Captain Buggy will be put to death!
Cabaji: Along with our new buddy, Ace-kun!
Mohji: Richie! You're worried about the captain too, huh?
Alvida: Impel Down is the world's largest prison, which can neither be broken into nor escaped from. You should just give up already. This just means that Buggy the Clown's luck as a pirate has run out.
Mohji: That's not true! Captain Buggy wouldn't bite the dust from something like this!
Cabaji: He's right! We've sworn to keep following Captain Buggy... until the day when we finally find what we've been looking for: Captain John's treasure island!
Crew: Captain Buggy!
Mohji: You really are a compassionate lion, aren't you?
Crew: Richie!
Alvida: Do whatever you want, then. I'll take the Big Top, here. You guys can set off in a rowboat.
Mohji: No way! This is Captain Buggy's ship!
Alvida: Buggy isn't here, is he?!
Mohji: Yeah. you're right...
Alvida: I know if we go there, we'll all die, so I'm not going. It'd be a waste to bring the ship there, too. You guys can just chase after Buggy in a rowboat until you're satisfied.
Mohji: We'll follow the Captain anywhere! To the great prison or even the end of the world
Crew: Yeah!
Alvida: Well, you'll probably die long before you even SEE Impel Down.
Mohji: Captain Buggy! Thank you so much for everything!
Cabaji: We will never forget what you have done for us!
Crew: We'll pray that your execution be quick and painless! Farewell! Let's meet again in the next life!
Mohji: I can know how you feel, Richie!
Momonga: This is Momonga. Marine-code G-1-0-0-6-6-0 I will enter the current shortly. Prepare to open the gates!
Narrator: The ship carrying Luffy and Hancock... is about to enter the current connecting the three main facilities... of the World Government... the Tarai Current, which can only be used by the Navy.
Prisoner: Please, kill me!
Prisoner 1: Hey! Newbie! Why're you just sitting there, munching away at your bread without first greeting the boss of this cell?
Prisoner 2: I'm eating here. Why should I have to give my greetings to you? Ridiculous!
Prisoner 1: It's a rule around here that newbies are supposed to offer their food to the boss! Learned your lesson yet? Hey! Wait! We were just having a small fight!
Prisoner 2: We ain't on death row! Let us out!
Narrator: Four and a half days have passed... since the departure from the Island of Women, Amazon Lily.
Marine: Vice Admiral Momonga! We've arrived at Impel Down!
Momonga: Hurry and open the gates!
Marines: Aye aye, Sir!
Luffy: That's the largest prison in the world...?
Marine: The headwind slowed us down a little, but we've finally reached Impel Down!
Momonga: This is bad...We have to hurry. Get Hancock, now!
Marine: Yessir! Hancock-dono! We have arrived!
Hancock: I will be there shortly.
Luffy: What's this? There are more warships here than there were in the Buster Call!
Hancock: Currently, this is the most dangerous place in the world. It is obvious that it would be well-guarded. But are you telling me that you have witnessed the Buster Call? I have only heard rumors of it... From what I understand, there are five Navy Vice-Admirals who bring in ten warships, and attack the target all at once. It is the Navy's ultimate tactic.
Luffy: So, Ace is inside here?
Hancock: He is probably far below the surface. Now, hide under my clothes.
Marines: Welcome, Vice Admiral Momonga!
Marine: L-Look at that!
Marine 2: That's the Pirate Empress! She's more beautiful than anyone else!
Marine 3: There is no limit to her beauty!
Marine 4: How high can her Beauty Power rise? Ten thousand watts? A million?
Hancock: What is all the fuss about? Such a noisy bunch. May I petrify them?
Momonga: Please don't. The Navy doesn't need any more humiliation.
Luffy: Are we inside yet?
Hancock: Not yet. Do not be impatient, Luffy.
Momonga: Your condition for helping us was that you wanted to see the man at the center of these events, Portgas D. Ace, for yourself, right? I told you before, but this place is usually strictly off-limits for pirates, even the Seven Warlords of the Sea. Once you enter, you will be restrained with Sea Stone shackles. You will also have to go through a full body check at the entrance. We cannot let you free any of the inmates or anything, after all.
Hancock: Luffy. They will do a body check once we enter.
Luffy: We'll figure something out. Just keep going!
Hancock: I do not mind.
Hannyabal: Buggy the Clown?! He's escaped from his cell?! Is he a Devil Fruit User?
Domino: Assistant Warden. Vice Admiral Momonga and the Warlord Hancock-dono have arrived.
Hannyabal: Right. I'll be there in a minute.
Prison-worker: She's so cu...uh...open the gates!
Prison-worker 2: Give her whatever service she wants!
Hancock: Here we go, Luffy.
Prison-workers: DO TAKE CARE!
Marines: HANCOCK-SAMA! HAVE A SAFE TRIP!
Hancock: Stop your buzzing, little flies!
Marines: DON'T BE CRUEL! TAKE CARE, NOW!
Prisoners: Help us! S-Someone! Help!
Momonga: What an oppressive atmosphere. Is this what Hell is like?
Hancock: We have finally made it inside. We cannot relax yet, however.
Hannyabal: I welcome you to my Impel Down! Ah! My mistake! Calling it "my" Impel Down is too ambitious! I am still but the Assistant Warden, Hannyabal! Pleasure to meet you!
Momonga: I'm Momonga.
Hannyabal: I've heard what you're here for. And you must be the Empress, Hancock-dono? My Empress, Hancock-dono? Oh, forgive me! I'm being too ambitious again! That stinking Warden... Oh! My mistake. Warden Magellan is in his office down in Level 4. You will be taken there right now. Your escorts will be Vice Chief Jailer Domino here, and myself.
Domino: It seems you are short on time, so please, come this way. Vice Admiral, you go over there and undergo your body check. Our prisoners are all sent into this cage... ...where they are stripped of their clothes, and are lowered into pots of boiling water. We call this process the "Lukewarm Bath of Hell". We use it to "disinfect" and baptize our prisoners, before they are put in their cells. Even among those prisoners, there are some who are tougher than others. A few of our recent inmates, Fire Fist Ace... as well as the Warlord Jinbei... and the former Warlord Crocodile... all went through the baptism without even batting an eyelash. Here you are. Guests check in inside this private room. Don't worry. Please remove that cloak. It's the easiest way to conceal someone, so please hand it over to me. I have no reason to suspect you, but if you were thinking of pulling anything suspicious, we have monitoring Snail Phones all over Impel Down. They transmit everything they see to the security monitors.
Prison-staff 1: Is this the Pirate Empress?!
Prison-staff 2: She's just as beautiful as I heard!
Prison-staff 3: Monitoring Snail Phone! Let us have a closer look at Hancock-sama! Zoom in! Zoom in!
Prison-staff: So cute!
Domino: Well then, first things first. Put on these Sea Stone shackles.
Hancock: I am not even a prisoner, yet I still need shackles... You are too cautious.
Narrator: Time left until Ace's execution... 33 hours. As Luffy heads towards Ace... the man with the red nose appears before him!
