Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! In order to save his brother Ace, who had been captured by the Navy... Luffy teamed up with the Pirate Empress, Boa Hancock and snuck aboard a Navy ship.
Garp: I'm sure you've heard the rumors about Luffy, too. In Water 7, he picked a fight with the World Government... and somehow managed to invade the Island of Law, Enies Lobby. Oh, yeah. I also told Luffy about his father. He was really surprised to hear he had a father.
Ace: Doesn't matter... Whether we know about it or not, as annoying as it is, both me and Luffy carry the blood of a world-renowned criminal. There's no way we could've ever been marines. Even though I owe my mother a debt of gratitude and took the name "Portgas"... I still can't stand the thought that I carry the blood of that worthless father of mine. I don't remember him at all, and I don't owe him anything.
Garp: Yeah, I get what you mean, but he was just...
Ace: That's why... Gramps...
Whitebeard: Take my name and roam wild and free over the seas! Become my son!
Ace: My old man is... Whitebeard. And no one else.
Alvida: You should just give up already. This just means that Buggy the Clown's luck as a pirate has run out.
Mohji: That's not true! Captain Buggy wouldn't bite the dust over something like this!
Luffy: That's the largest prison in the world...?
Hannyabal: I welcome you to my Impel Down! Ah! My mistake! Calling it "my" Impel Down is too ambitious! I am still but the Assistant Warden, Hannyabal! Pleasure to meet you!
Domino: Well then, first things first. Put on these Sea Stone shackles.
Hancock: I am not even a prisoner, yet I still need shackles... You are too cautious.
Narrator: Time left until Ace's execution... 33 hours.
Hancock: Sea Stone shackles...
Domino: So, show me your hands.
Hancock: Please, be gentle with me.
Marines: What?
Hancock: You can come out now, Luffy.
Luffy: That was close! I thought I'd have to make a break for it when they weren't watching... You can turn anything into stone, huh?
Hancock: This seems to be as far as I can take you. After this, my abilities will be restrained by Sea Stone. And you won't be able to hide once they've taken my cloak. I had hoped to be of more help to you...
Luffy: What're you saying? There's no way I'd've made it all the way here by myself! You got me inside a building surrounded by warships.
Hancock: Luffy... This is a stronghold made to lock people away. No matter what happens, please do not cause an uproar here. If you get captured, you will never be able to get out. Though you are strong, will you promise me to not cause any disturbances?
Luffy: Right, I got it! I promise! Thanks a lot, Hancock! I'll never forget what you did for me!
Hancock: Just now...you... called me... Hancock?!
Luffy: Sure thing, Hammock! Hammock, I want more food! What's up, Hammock? Hancock!
Hancock: Now my life is complete!
Luffy: Hey, you can turn them back now. I'll be fine!
Hancock: This must be...a mutual affection!
Luffy: Hey!
Momonga: They sure are taking their time...
Hannyabal: It's a security check, so we have to be thorough about it. A thorough check... Even THOSE parts...?!
Momonga: What are you imagining?
Voice: Assistant Warden Hannyabal! The surveillance Snail-Phone isn't transmitting anything... Is everything all right in there?
Hannyabal: Domino! Is something wrong? No answer... This is... a chance for me to peek in on Hancock-dono's body-check... with the excuse that I had to confirm the situation due to my position as Assistant Warden!
Momonga: Hey...
Domino: The body-check is complete.
Voice: The surveillance is working again. No problems.
Domino: I am so sorry.
Hannyabal: No problems here either.
Hancock: What tasteless treatment of someone who isn't a prisoner... Just who the hell do you think I am?
Hannyabal: Please tolerate it.
Domino: This is strange...
Hancock: Please lead the way.
Hannyabal: As you wish. Head toward the mega-lift over there. Using this lift, we'll go down to the fourth undersea floor. That will take us to the Inferno, where Prison Warden Magellan's office is. I should warn you, it's pretty hot down there.
Hancock: Luffy?! I will pray for your fortune.
Luffy: Thanks a lot!
Momonga: What's wrong?
Hancock: "Thanks, love"?! He called me "Love"!
Momonga: Hey!
Hannyabal: Hancock-dono! What's wrong?
Domino: Be careful with her.
Momonga: What's this all of a sudden?
Luffy: Well, now, where do I go? That lift is going down, and Hancock said Ace was probably at the bottom of the sea... That's it! Over there, huh?
Prison-staff: The Blugori jailers are coming back. They've secured food. Open the hatches. Good job. Carry the meat to the freezers.
Hannyabal: So, you've regained consciousness... We're about to reach the undersea levels.
Prisoners: Save us!
Momonga: Quite a cruel punishment...
Domino: You're kidding! This is the floor where we deal with the criminals who have committed lighter crimes.
Momonga: What?!
Hannyabal: It is as she says. The first undersea level of Impel Down is the Crimson floor.
Hancock: Why is it called "Crimson"?
Hannyabal: That's a secret! Continuing further down, the second level houses the Accursed Beasts. The third undersea level is the floor of Famine. And the fourth level, where we are going, is the Inferno. It'll take a while to reach the fourth level. In the meantime, please enjoy the lovely sounds of our prisoners' screams.
Hancock: Is Fire Fist Ace on the fourth level as well?
Hannyabal: Oh, no. There are floors even lower than that. Fire Fist Ace is...
Hancock: Luffy...
Luffy: So Ace is down here, huh?
Prisoner 1: Hey, that ain't fair, you!
Prisoner 2: Were you hiding those abilities of yours?!
Buggy: Shaddup! then no matter how many lives I have, it won't be enough!
Prisoners: You're just gonna abandon us?
Buggy: Since when did I get cozy with you scumbags? I'd like to enjoy my freedom! If you got a problem with that, then try following my lead! Oh, you can't? You lot can kiss my ass!
Prisoners: You better remember this, Buggy!
Buggy: Hah! I already forgot!
Prisoner: What'd you say, you bastard?!
Prisoner 2: WAIT, DAMMIT!
Buggy: A surveillance Snail-Phone? ...Evenin'.
Prison-staff: We've found him! We've confirmed that he's standing in the hall by Isolation Cell 22! Capture him immediately!
Buggy: Damn, they found me, huh? YOU BASTARDS!
Voice: We've lost contact with surveillance Snail-Phone 71!
Prisoner 1: Did you hear that? It's Buggy!
Prisoner 2: Serves him right for trying to escape on his own!
Prisoner 3: He's got a HORRIBLE punishment waiting for him!
Prisoner: There they are! The Blugori! Go! Go get him!
Luffy: The Vivre Card is telling me to go down here, but... This looks like a dead end.
Prison-staff: Prisoner number 8200. What? We're not letting him get away! They've verified him as a Devil Fruit user! Hurry! We'll split up and surround him!
Luffy: Right! I'm in!
Prison-staff: Hurry!
Luffy: What's that? Are all these rooms prison cells? Screams? Well, whatever. Anyway, I've gotta keep going!
Buggy: Get lost, dammit! Save me!
Luffy: This way?!
Buggy: Lost 'em! Huh? "Danger"? As if anyone would be dumb enough to press that thing on purpo-
Luffy: What the...?!
Buggy: Hey, wait a minute!
Luffy: That was close! What was that all of a sudden?
Prison-staff: Hey! The anti-escape traps over there have gone off!
Luffy: Oh, crap. Someone's coming!
Prison-staff: Wait!
Luffy: Wha-?! Huh? Nobody's coming... Well, whatever.
Prisoner: Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Luffy: Huh?
Prisoner: Bro! Bro!
Luffy: What?
Prisoner: Wait a sec! Huh? What's up?
Luffy: Outside the cage? I came from the outside... See ya!
Prisoner: Wait! Don't lie, dammit!
Luffy: I ain't lying!
Prisoner: Who are you? You're not a jailer or a torturer, are you? How come you're outside the cage?!
Luffy: You sure are noisy! Oh, right! Do you guys know where Ace is?
Prisoner: Ace? Ace...you mean... Fire Fist Ace?
Luffy: That's right. I wanna save Ace!
Prisoner: Don't be so reckless! True, I did hear that he'd been sent here... If he is, then he's probably down in Level Five! That's where they keep the guys with bounties over a hundred million, ya know!
Luffy: Level Five?
Prisoner: Anyway, Bro. Yeah! Please, Bro! Don't you think that it must have been fate that we met here, in this huge world?
Luffy: What's that?
Prisoner: The Blugori!
Luffy: Blugori?
Prisoner: Run away, Bro!
Luffy: What's with these guys?!
Buggy: To the right! To the left! Fools! STRAW HAT?! Why're you here?!
Luffy: Oh. Buggy, huh?
Buggy: Why you...don't screw with me, you lowlife! You're as cheeky as ever, I see! I didn't know YOU'D been captured, too!
Luffy: I came here on my own!
Buggy: What sort of idiot would WILLINGLY enter a prison? Wait, could it be that you heard of my imprisonment... and came to rescue me? Like hell! Dumbass! I'm getting sick just thinking about it.
Luffy: WHAT THE HELL'RE YOU TALKING ABOUT?! I promised Hancock that I wouldn't cause an uproar here,
Buggy: It's not like I WANTED to get you involved!
Luffy: WHAT THE HELL'RE YOU DOING?!
Buggy: Well, I just got foiled in "Buggy's Great Jail-Break Plan"!
Luffy: Who gives a shit?! They're coming from the front, too!
Buggy: GODDAMMIT!
Luffy: Hey! Why are you escaping, anyway?
Buggy: What're you talkin' about, stupid?! You don't know the kinds of torture they put me through! These guys are cold-blooded monsters!
Luffy: Then you just have to avoid getting caught, right?
Buggy: W-W-What are you talking about?!
Luffy: I'm in a hurry!
Buggy: That's the thing I can't stand about you and that Red-Head... You're always thinking positively, but in a bad way. We'll just have to do it, won't we?! Time for a great, flashy... change of plans!
Luffy: Agreed!
Narrator: Level One, the Crimson floor, reveals itself before Luffy!
