Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy, having been separated from his crew, snuck into the world's largest prison, Impel Down, to save his brother Ace. From the prisoners, Luffy learns that Ace is being held at underwater Level 5. Then, he is reunited with someone unexpected.
Buggy: Time for a great, flashy... change of plans!
Luffy: Agreed!
Buggy: DON'T COME THIS WAY! DON'T! DON'T! DON'T! Just kidding. Now fall and prepare to have your brain splattered! How did ya' like that, ya' big sea gorilla! Wha-?! It didn't work?! That's dangerous! S-Stop punching me! S-Seems like you're a little stronger now...
Luffy: Man, these guys're tough! What're these animals?
Buggy: They're the Wrestlers of the Sea, the Blue Gorillas! Or just Blugori. Don't let your guard down! There's still four more of 'em... You have already beaten them up!
Luffy: But we don't have time to fight all these guys...
Prisoner 1: He's amazing! He beat the Blugori!
Prisoner 2: Hey, what ARE you?!
Prisoner 3: Please, open the lock for us!
Prison-staff: What is it?
Voice: Wasn't there just one prisoner on the loose?
Prison-staff: I'm pretty sure it was just one...
Prison-staff 2: Maybe I'm seeing things, but I could've sworn I saw two shadows... Anyway, five Blugori are down in front of Shared Cell 10.
Voice: Five? There's no way! There aren't any Level One prisoners who can beat the Blugori!
Buggy: WHAT?!?!?!?! You wanna save Ace?!
Luffy: Yup.
Buggy: Quiet!
Luffy: YOU'RE the one who's shouting...
Prisoner: Hey, C'mon! Get the key to the cage...
Buggy: THAT'S ENOUGH OUT OF YOU!
Luffy: You know Ace?
Buggy: Sure.
Alvida: This is no time to fool around. We don't even know where that scumbag Luffy is. How will we capture him?
Buggy: Oh, don't be so uptight, Alvida. There's nothing wrong with having a little fun first.
Ace: What'd you say? If you wanna see Luffy, I'll tell you where he is.
Buggy: See? This guy's gonna tell us where he is... WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?!
Ace: Oh, hello. Forgive my intrusion. I was drawn by the scent of your delicious food. The name's Ace. Pleasure to meet you.
Buggy: Oh, no, you needn't be so polite. The pleasure's all mine- NO, I ASKED WHO THE HELL YOU ARE! Who gives a damn about your name, ya flashy bastard?!
Mohji: Captain! Captain, he's Fire Fist!
Cabaji: Fire Fist Ace...
Crew: Whitebeard?!
Buggy: What?!
Ace: Oh, y'all know my old man? That's very...
Buggy: He fell asleep?! After that, we had a blast, and wound up drinking buddies... It's a shame what's happened to him. The nerve to lay a hand on Whitebeard's crew... The Navy sure is stupid.
Luffy: I wanna go to that Level Five place.
Buggy: Think I care?! If you wanna go, then go by yourself. Think we're friends or something?! No way I'm going somewhere that dangerous. If you ain't leaving, I'll just escape on my own.
Luffy: Even with over a dozen warships out there? You really think you can get out?
Buggy: A d-dozen? They're preparing for Whitebeard's attacks... Perhaps this is a bad time to leave. Guess I could kill some time down here, then.
Luffy: Oh well. I'll just ask someone else.
Prisoner: Please give us the key!
Buggy: No, there's no way! Could it be...?!
Luffy: See ya. Good luck escaping.
Buggy: There's no mistaking it. Hey, wait, Straw Hat!
Luffy: What the hell?!
Prison-staff: There they are! Up there!
Buggy: They found us!
Luffy: Why'd you have to shout?!
Buggy: That bracelet of yours sure is nice!
Luffy: What're you talking about?
Buggy: I'll tell ya how to get to where Ace is!
Luffy: Seriously?
Buggy: Sure. Will you give me that bracelet?
Luffy: Yeah, if you'll help. Okay.
Buggy: All right! Then first, let's lose these guys! Carry my feet with you!
Luffy: Feet?
Buggy: Run, Straw Hat! Don't you lose those, Straw Hat!
Narrator: Explanation of Buggy The Clown's Bara Bara Fruit Power. He's able to split up his body and control each part separately. However, his control is limited to a small field,
Buggy: What a stroke of luck this is! Who'd've thought I'd find a clue to the treasure of my dreams in this Hell!
Mohji: Captain! Captain!
Buggy: What?
Mohji: Are you sure this is the spot? The legendary cave Captain John dug out in order to hide his great treasure, that he cruelly protected in the past?
Buggy: Yeah, this is the place. Keep moving.
Mohji: Right.
Buggy: Listen up! so if you let your guard down, you might not live that long! Will we encounter monsters that would attack us, or traps that you would see in Hell?
Miner: Right, let's do our best digging today, too!
Miners: Yes, Chief!
Miner: Oh? Are you the new guys?
Buggy: Man, working up a sweat sure is great!
Miner: Indeed! And our sweat will eventually create a tunnel and become the people's smiles!
Buggy: Yeah, yeah! After hard work, sake tastes a little better too! WHAT ARE YOU MAKING ME DO HERE?! Afterward, we went to and fro on the Grand Line, searching for the treasure, I was arrested here after I messed up flashily and broke into a Navy base... Then I was thrown into this prison. But it seems my luck hasn't run out just yet! Keep running as fast as you can, Straw Hat! I'll take you to Level Two!
Luffy: Level Two? That's not it!
Buggy: That's why I'm taking you there! You can't just go straight to Level Five! Listen up. The first undersea floor of Impel Down, where we are, is Level One. As you descend into Level Two, Level Three, and below, I was sent all the way to Level Four and exposed to the Inferno, If I remember it right, Level Five is where the particularly nasty criminals with bounties above 100 million are kept. But some of the prisoners say there's another level below that one, too! They say it holds the villains so evil that they had to be erased from history itself! It's just a rumor, but Ace might be down there. Anyway, I can't take you any deeper than Level Four.
Luffy: Really? You're a nice guy now?
Buggy: Of course! I mean, you're giving me the Treasure Mark that'll lead me to Captain John's treasure! I...I told him!
Luffy: You...
Buggy: Y-Yes?
Luffy: You're in here 'cause you're weak, right?
Buggy: Don't be nosy! Leave me alone! He didn't notice!
Luffy: I see. So this bracelet is some sort of treasure-map-thingy, huh? I had no idea!
Buggy: You were paying attention then, dammit!
Luffy: Then I'll just let you have it right now.
Buggy: You're...giving it to me knowing how valuable it is?
Luffy: Sure. Saving Ace is more important to me anyway.
Buggy: B-But if you give it to me now, I might just fly off and leave you here!
Luffy: You could, but you said you'd show me the way, didn't you?
Buggy: Don't look at me with honest eyes like that! I'm just a cheap, worthless scumbag, ya know! You can't just take my word! The map to the treasure of my dreams... I accept your offering! I owe you one, Straw Hat! Now, how do I get away from this guy?
Luffy: Hm? So we'll get there faster if we break that wall? Right! I'll handle it!
Buggy: That's not...!
Hancock: I wonder if Luffy is alright? Is he doing as I requested, and staying out of trouble? This is a stronghold made to lock people away. No matter what happens, please do not cause an uproar here. If you get captured, you will never be able to get out. Though you are strong,
Luffy: Right, I got it! I promise! Thanks a lot, Hancock! Hancock!
Hancock: Ah, Luffy... Your beloved voice will forever echo within my heart.
Hannyabal: Any second now- Such relaxing screams.
Domino: Seems the torturers are doing a good job.
Hannyabal: What do you think, Hancock-dono? Oh? Did you perchance not hear it? What a shame!
Hancock: I DO NOT CARE ABOUT ANY SCREAMS!
Hannyabal: I don't know why, but I'm being assaulted... Though I'm the Assistant Warden...
Domino: Please stop, Hancock-dono!
Hannyabal: But I'm kinda enjoying this. Oops! Did I say that out loud?
Prison-staff: Who are these guys?!
Prison-staff 2: That's Buggy the Clown, who escaped from his cell, and...
Prison-staff 3: Who's that?! There are two of them!
Buggy: This is the surveillance room! Stop! Straw Ha-ugh...
Luffy: What the hell is this place?! A red forest? There's lots of people down there, too!
Buggy: Those're the prisoners! The blades on the trees are razor sharp. They're the Sabertrees! And the grass sticking up from the floor... is the Needlegrass, which pierces your body like spikes! Chased by poisonous spiders and jailers, the prisoners run around getting cut by the leaves and the grass, staining them with their blood! Their punishment is being sliced up and covered in blood... That is Level One, Crimson Hell! This is what Impel Down is like!
Prisoner: Save me! It hurts!
Luffy: This really IS Hell!
Buggy: I Got it! We can just keep falling like this!
Luffy: Why?! We'll get cut up!
Buggy: I won't get cut! Straw Hat! My feet! Throw my feet down there!
Luffy: Feet? Right!
Prisoner: W-What is that?
Luffy: That was close!
Buggy: As long as I've got my feet on the ground, we'll be fine! We don't need a staircase from this floor to the next! We won't need an access key, either! I just remembered, Crimson Hell has an escape route readied for anyone who wants to escape from the pain!
Luffy: There's an escape route in Hell?
Buggy: Take a look! This is it!
Luffy: A hole? It's pitch-black!
Buggy: This is an escape route, but there's nobody who tries to escape through here. You wanna know why, Straw Hat? Because this escape route leads to Level Two! It's connected to an even more terrifying Hell than this one! There might be some who try to run from Hell and back up to the surface, but there's nobody who'd be dumb enough to jump from the surface and into Hell!
Luffy: I get it! This makes things a lot easier!
Buggy: Yes, but once we reach the bottom, we'll be in... HEY! HEY!
Luffy: This hole sure is deep! What's down there?
Buggy: He has no self-control at all. Ain't he afraid of anything? Ah well... I got away from 'im! Who'd want to lead the way in here? Just go to Level Three or Level Four or whatever by yourself, and die! You dumbass Blugori! My feet...? You're kidding!
Voice: This is the surveillance room! Please confirm!
Prisoner: W-What? The monsters are agitated for some reason. T-Think they're hungry?
Mr. 3: I don't have the energy to be scared anymore... Sooner or later, we all become their fodder...
Narrator: The Prison Warden, Magellan, appears before Hancock!
