Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew and has snuck into the world's largest prison, Impel Down, Luffy is headed toward Level 5 guided by Buggy the Clown, who he met in the prison.
Buggy: I got away from 'im! I finally got the marker for the treasure of my dreams! Just go to Level Three or Level Four or whatever by yourself, and die! You dumbass Blugori! I'm a scatter man. I won't get sliced up even if you cut me! Now that I'm finally outta that cage, Ouch... This is bad. But still... Now that I've got this, No way I'll-
Luffy: C'mon, let's go!
Buggy: W-W-Wait a second!
Luffy: Looks like a dead end... So, this is Level Two.
Buggy: That's right! Damn you. This is all because you went running around like a moron! There're accursed beasts roaming this entire floor!
Luffy: Accursed beasts?
Buggy: Since it's come to this, I guess I'll just hafta string Straw Hat along 'til I find a chance to run for it.
Luffy: You mean like that thing?
Buggy: They already found us?!
Luffy: Any way you look at it, it's just a hippo.
Buggy: I-It sure is.
Luffy: It's smaller than it oughta be, too... That's what you call an accursed beast?
Buggy: That's strange. I'd heard that Level Two was filled with- WHAT THE HELL?! Run!
Luffy: Awesome! He's pretty fast for a hippo!
Buggy: THIS IS NO TIME TO BE ADMIRING IT! PREPARE TO TURN LEFT! He went and crashed into the wall!
Luffy: Hey, he just ate your body. You okay, running away like this?
Buggy: Just watch me.
Luffy: What'd you just do?
Buggy: Even if my body is in pieces, I can control the pieces however I like! That'll teach ya, mini-hippo!
Prison-staff: Who's that guy with Buggy?
Buggy: Isn't there some way to get the hell out of here?
Luffy: What's wrong?
Buggy: I think I saw something up there!
Luffy: Maybe a bat?
Buggy: It's some sort of mantis monster!
Luffy: It sure is a big mantis... Man, he sure can cut!
Buggy: This is no time to be impressed! If I'm chopped much more, it's gonna be a big problem!
Luffy: You're pretty good!
Buggy: How can you be taking it easy?
Luffy: Think he's stuck? What should we do?
Buggy: Whadda ya mean, "What should we do?"!
Luffy: Wanna just go?
Buggy: Yeah, let's go.
Luffy: You SURE those things are accursed beasts? You know, they don't seem all that tough.
Buggy: True, they're nothing like what I heard. Level One was much worse than this. If you think about it, there's no way accursed beasts could REALLY exist-
Luffy: What was that? What's up?
Both: HUGE! IT'S AN ACCURSED BEAST!!
Prison-staff: This man, he's...
Buggy: Dammit! The rumors were true after all! We're gonna die! I never even wanted to come to Level Two! I was plannin' to leave you behind and make a break for it!
Luffy: Did you say something, Buggy?
Buggy: I think it's the rarest of mutants! A snake hatched from a chicken's egg: a Basilisk!
Luffy: Those things come from chickens?!
Buggy: YOU KIDDIN' ME? THAT'S WHY IT'S CALLED A MONSTER! Up on the surface, it'd just attack and eat people, so they had it brought down here as a guard. What're you doing?!
Luffy: I don't have time for this! Right, just bring it on!
Buggy: No matter how you look at it, there's no way you can beat that thing! Well, that's fine. Well, I'll leave the rest to you.
Luffy: Gear Third
Voice: This is the monitoring room on Level Two! We've confirmed the identity of the man with Buggy the Clown. It's Straw Hat Luffy!
Prison-staff: THAT Straw Hat?!
Prison-staff 2: He's here in Impel Down?!
Voice: Apprehend those two immediately! Don't hesitate to use force!
Prison-staff: Let's go!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no Giganto Pistol
Prison-staff: What? What happened?! What the hell could have happened in Level Two?
Hancock: It is quite hot.
Domino: Yes, like the Assistant Warden told you earlier, the Warden resides in Level Four, the Inferno. There's an enormous fire surrounding this room. We've arrived.
Momonga: Where's the Warden?
Domino: Warden Magellan has digestive problems and spends about ten hours a day in the bathroom calming his stomach. He spends another eight hours sleeping, and taking his lunch and breaks into account, he works about four hours a day.
Hancock: And he still manages to keep his position as Warden?
Domino: He's quite reliable when it counts. Sorry to have kept you waiting. Here he comes. I forgot to mention, the Warden ate the Doku Doku Fruit. He's a poison man.
Hancock: A poison man?
Domino: Please take care.
Prison-staff: Thank you for your hard work!
Prison-staff 2: Welcome back from your noble task, Warden!!
Magellan: As always, that was one hell of a battle. You must be visitors. Ah, so bright! Such a bright room! I'd like to be in a darker, more confined room!
Hannyabal: Don't be ridiculous!
Momonga: We're in a hurry, Warden Magellan.
Magellan: Oh, I apologize. I suppose the poison-soup I had for lunch did not agree with me.
Hannyabal: Well, whaddya expect? It was poison!
Magellan: I'm a poison-man, so poisons are my favorite! Besides, don't they say "poison quells poison"?
Hannyabal: It's quelling it so well you've got diarrhea, then?
Magellan: My, you're as poison-tongued as ever, Hannyabal.
Hannyabal: Retire already, so I can take your post, plea- Oh, whoops! I meant hurry and take them to Fire Fist Ace, please!
Magellan: Too cruel! Your mistake was just too cruel! I've such a heartless subordinate!
Domino: Take these.
Hannyabal: H-Hey! B-Be careful when you exhale! Your breath is poisonous, ya know... Why are you laughing?!
Magellan: Serves you right, foolish subordinate.
Hannyabal: Your breath and your attitude are both poisonous!
Hancock: What, exactly, were you attempting to have me inhale?! Such insolence!
Magellan: Ow! Such a beauty! I'm in love!
Hannyabal: I'm so jealous...
Domino: Assistant Warden. That's the Warden's seat.
Hannyabal: It'll be mine eventually.
Momonga: We're in a hurry!
Hannyabal: Yes, this is the Warden speaking.
Magellan: Why are YOU answering?!
Hannyabal: Woe is me! I'm dying! God dammit! I always wanted to be Warden...!
Domino: Prepare the antidote for the Assistant Warden.
Prison-staff: Yes!
Magellan: What?!
Domino: Impossible!
Hannyabal: This is a horrible crisis!
Hancock: Could he have been spotted?!
Magellan: Transfer all live camera feeds to me now!
Hancock: Warden... I would like to go see the prisoner as soon as possible.
Magellan: Right, let's go! Going right now!
Hannyabal: W-Warden! This is a major incident, you know!
Prison-staff: That's odd...
Prison-staff 2: In any case, hurry up and report this to all floors and Navy HQ! I don't know how he got here or what he wants, but the guy who's been running around Level Two with Buggy the Clown... is without a doubt the pirate, Straw Hat Luffy!
Prison-staff 3: We can't get in touch with the monitoring room on Level Two!
Prison-staff 2: What?! What's going on? This is chaotic! Just call them!
Voice: Level Two monitoring room! Did something happen? Respond, monitoring room!
Luffy: Right!
Buggy: His hand just became huge! What was that you did just now?!
Luffy: It's Gear Third... Right, I'm back to normal! Let's hurry to Level Three!
Voice: The Gods have come to free us from Hell! Amazing, they beat that monster! They defeated the Basilisk! You did it! What's more, you knocked it into the monitoring room!
Prisoner 1: I dunno who you are, but thanks!
Prisoner 2: Mind getting the keys for us? The keys for the cages and handcuffs!
Prisoner 3: They've landed over there!
Mr. 3: Is that...?
Luffy: Let's keep going!
Buggy: Don't be impatient.
Luffy: I'm in a hurry!
Mr. 3: Straw Hat Luffy! No, I suppose him being out of his cage means that he MUST be trying to buy back his freedom! I can take advantage of this, and use it as a chance to win back my freedom! It would appear the God of Good Fortune has not yet abandoned me!
Buggy: Want this, you guys?!
Voices: YEAH!
Prisoner: Of course we want it!
Prisoner 2: Hurry up and give it to us!
Buggy: Is that the attitude you should have when asking someone a favor?
Prisoners: We're sorry! We beg you! We were out of line! Please, we're begging!
Buggy: What'd ya say? I couldn't hear you...
Luffy: What're you doing?
Prisoners: PLEASE, WE'RE BEGGING YOU!
Buggy: Alright, I'll give them to you!
Prisoner: Alright! It's open! We're out of our cages!
Buggy: Be grateful, you fools! Now, say the name of the man who freed you!
Prisoner: Captain Buggy!
Prisoner 2: You're our savior, Captain Buggy!
Buggy: That's it! Carve that name into your hearts! It was an accident that I fell down here, but if I cause a riot, it'll be easier for me to escape!
Luffy: Are you satisfied now? Hurry up and show me the way! Is there a hole to take us down like before?
Buggy: I don't know how to get to Level Three! There's no way I'd remember all the passageways in this maze of a prison!
Prisoner: Thanks, Captain Buggy!
Prisoner 2: Now we're free too!
Buggy: Cut it out, Straw Hat!
Luffy: What're you saying?! You told me you'd guide me to Level Four!
Buggy: That was a lie! A lie! Now all the prisoners are gonna mess this floor up good!
Luffy: You lied to me?!
Buggy: What's up with you guys?! Wasn't this your big chance to escape?!
Prisoner: Uh, looks like we got a little ahead of ourselves... We don't have a chance here. Not as long as the boss of this floor is here...
Prisoner 2: Yeah, we're better off inside the cells.
Buggy: Right, Straw Hat! I'll tell you how to get to Level Three.
Luffy: HEY! DIDN'T YOU JUST SAY YOU DIDN'T KNOW, YOU BIG NOSE?!
Buggy: WHO'RE YOU CALLING A BIG NOSE?!
Mr. 3: If you are having problems finding your way on this floor, how about I lend you a hand?
Buggy: Who's that?
Mr. 3: It has been a preciously long time, Straw Hat Luffy. It seems that, thanks to you, I have become a free man. I am a man who always repays his debts.
Luffy: Who're you? Oh, that "3" means... You've got a "3" on your head!
Mr. 3: BE QUIET, YOU!
Luffy: Oh, and that "3" is on fire!
Mr. 3: You just went too far!
Luffy: This is perfect!
Mr. 3: Well, then, can you figure out where I am? Someone like you, who fights using nothing but brute strength, cannot capture me! I am Mr. Three. How did you know I was here...
Luffy: Instinct. You're the guy who was on the giants' island! Three!
Mr. 3: It's MISTER Three!
Marine: Fleet Admiral Sengoku! We just received an emergency report from Impel Down!
Sengoku: What happened? Don't tell me Whitebeard made his move?
Marine: No, Straw Hat Luffy has broken in!
Sengoku: What?! Straw Hat?! What's going on?!
Marine: Yes, that's what he reported... Still, why would a pirate WILLINGLY enter the prison? What could he be after? Fleet Admiral Sengoku!
Sengoku: Whatever he's after, this can only mean that Straw Hat's luck has finally run out! After all, the place he's broken into... It's a prison that has housed tens of thousands of criminals, Impel Down is truly an impenetrable prison! It's their blunder for letting him in, Actually, there was that one man...
Marine: Man?
Sengoku: A man who, twenty years ago, The pirate...
Marine: Golden Lion... Shiki?
Narrator: Luffy and the others are attacked by an enormous beetle... and are dragged into Shiki's ambitions!
