Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew, and has snuck into the world's largest prison, Impel Down, to rescue his brother Ace who had been captured by the Navy. Luffy and Buggy the Clown, whom he met in the prison, are making their way through Level Two, the Accursed Beasts Hell.
Buggy and Luffy: HUGE! IT'S AN ACCURSED BEAST!!
Buggy: Damn it!
Magellan: What?! Intruders in my Impel Down?!
Domino: Impossible! Someone broke into Impel Down, which has never been breached since its founding?! Could he have been spotted?!
Magellan: Transfer all live camera feeds to me now!
Hancock: Warden... I would like to go see the prisoner as soon as possible.
Magellan: Right, let's go! Going right now!
Hannyabal: W-Warden! This is a major incident, you know!
Mr. 3: If you are having problems finding your way on this floor, how about I lend you a hand?
Buggy: Who's that?
Mr. 3: It has been a preciously long time, Straw Hat Luffy. It seems that, thanks to you, I have become a free man. I am a man who always repays his debts.
Luffy: Who're you? Oh, that "3" means... You're the guy who was on the giants' island! Three!
Mr. 3: It's Mister Three!
Man: To be honest, when I was assigned to this floor, I thought it'd be a nightmare, but it's actually pretty quiet here. Maybe that's for the best? It's probably better to die than to spend the rest of your life here. For the Pirate Empress to request a meeting with Fire Fist Ace... I wonder what's going on?
Jinbei: Nobody's... getting away! Didn't even hit that itchy spot...
Ace: You got beaten up pretty badly, huh, boss?
Jinbei: It ain't my body that's in pain... Ace-san... the pain... It lies in my heart, for being unable to do what's right!
Ace: Jinbei...
Jinbei: As things are, I cannot accept death! So what if they take my position as a Warlord of the Sea away? If only I could prevent this battle, I don't even need my own life!
Man: That explains why we couldn't contact them... The surveillance room on Level Two has been crushed by the basilisk! There's someone there! Yeah, but... It seems like there are three of them now.
Mr. 3: It would seem that the beasts on this floor have noticed our presence!
Luffy: We don't have time to keep running forever!
Buggy: True, but if we get caught, we'll just end up as their prey! And if we just wait around, the prison staff from the other floors will come here to catch us!
Mr. 3: I'm too exhausted...
Luffy: I'm in a hurry! That giant centipede exploded!
Mr. 3: It was made up of several puzzle scorpions! They're poisonous!
Buggy: They just keep on coming! See, I told you so. They were completely fooled by my "Fake Legs Master-Plan"!
Luffy: You just blew our cover!
Buggy: Damn it! Oh, and I heard that the boss of the beasts in Level Two was some sort of lion-like thing... Is it those guys?
Mr. 3: No! Those are lions with human faces, manticores! If they catch us, they'll eat us, even our bones!
Buggy: Even our bones?!
Manticore: Keys... Please, give us the keys...
Mr. 3: Ignore them! They are simply able to imitate human speech because their faces are human-like!
Manticore: Please, help! It hurts... It's so painful...!
Mr. 3: They are only imitating what they've heard the prisoners say. They don't even know what it means!
Luffy: C-Creepy...
Manticore: Loincloth! Loincloth! Strawberry-print panties!
Buggy: They're just repeating dumb stuff!
Manticore: Beef steak!
Buggy: Don't react!
Luffy: Hey, you! You said you'd lend us a hand, right?
Mr. 3: Of course I did! After all, we should combine our resources to escape from here, should we not?!
Luffy: How do I get further down? I'm headed for Level Three!
Mr. 3: What? You don't intend to escape?! Are you not climbing up to Level One?!
Buggy: Straw Hat plans to free his brother, Ace.
Mr. 3: What?! Brother?! Straw Hat, you and Fire Fist Ace are siblings?! And you're going to rescue him?!
Luffy: I'm in a hurry!
Mr. 3: If that Ace-guy is being kept here, he must be in Level Five. You're going to a place like that... STOP JOKING AROUND! YOU MUST BE INSANE! I'M GETTING OUT OF HERE!
Luffy: Wait! In that case, could you at least tell me where the stairs are?
Mr. 3: The stairs...? That's right! The stairs to Level One also continue down to Level Three! I can use Straw Hat to distract the beast guarding the stairs! And that is where he and I will part. Alright, Straw Hat. Let us go on together! Leave it to me, Straw Hat! Follow m-
Buggy: There's something here...
Mr. 3: It is the guardian of the stairs, the Sphinx!
Luffy: I-It's a lion? No, an old guy?
Manticore: Omelet rice! Beef steak!
Sphinx: Somen
Everyone: S-SOMEN?!
Sphinx: Ramen! Tanmen!
Buggy and 3: It's learned all the noodle-types!
Sphinx: Pork noodles! Szechwan style noodles! Handsome men!
Buggy and 3: You called?
Luffy: This guy's dangerous!
Prisoner: Is this...?
Prisoner 2: The Sphinx is running wild off in the distance!
Prisoner 3: There's no way in hell we'd be able to escape from here!
Sphinx: Korean black soy noodles! Pot noodles! Canton noodles!
Luffy: Sure has been a long time since I had some of Sanji's food...
Sphinx: Wonton noodles! Wonton noodles!
Luffy: Dammit, how strong is that thing?!
Buggy: Come to think of it, isn't it his fault we wound up here anyway?
Mr. 3: I was thinking the same thing.
Buggy: Right! Then, our "Escape Alliance" is hereby formed!
Mr. 3: I sure am glad there is someone here who genuinely values freedom!
Buggy: Well then, let's commence our "Straw-Hat-is-Our-Decoy-Plan"!
Mr. 3: Indeed!
Sphinx: Miso Ramen! Salt Ramen! Shouyu Ramen!
Luffy: Hey, what're you guys doing?
Buggy and 3: H-Here it comes, Straw Hat!
Mr. 3: Why would you upset it on purpose?!
Buggy: Oh crap!
Mr. 3: You two are so unfair! Escaping up to the high ground like that!
Sphinx: Ramen!
Mr. 3: You fell for it, you simple-minded creature! "Doru Doru" is derived from "Kyandoru", Candle That is a wax-statue I created using my Doru Doru powers!
Sphinx: Steamboat noodles!
Mr. 3: It doesn't have Miss Goldenweek's brilliant coloring... but it is quite sufficient to fool a beast such as yourself! There we go! Which one is authentic? Wrong! Wrong! Wrong!
Luffy: That's so cool! It's a game of Whack-a-mole!
Mr. 3: Wrong! Wrong! Wrong!
Luffy: There he is!
Mr. 3: Wrong!
Luffy: You got it wrong. How about that one?
Mr. 3: Wrong! Wrong!
Luffy: Go, go!
Buggy: He's playing around with the Sphinx! Straw Hat, how cheerful can you get?!
Luffy: You're in on it too, huh?
Mr. 3: They're enjoying this more than I thought they would... Well, now's my chance!
Prisoner 1: Hey, what's up with these strange tremors?
Prisoner 2: How long are they gonna keep upsetting the Sphinx?
Prisoner 1: What?!
Prisoner 2: Can this floor even withstand all this?
Man: This is Level Three! We've lost contact with several monitors! We're hearing some really loud noises from above!
Buggy: Mr. Three! Now's our chance! Seems like the operation was a success!
Mr. 3: This was nothing like what I planned! In any case, let's run!
Buggy: Is that the door to the stairs?
Mr. 3: I'll make a key out of wax!
Man: This is the monitoring room! We still can't get any response from Level Two! We have no idea what's going on!
Buggy: YOU STUPID PIRATE! He's caused the entire floor to crack!
Voice: This is Level Three! A monster is falling through the ceiling!
Mr. 3: This is bad!
Buggy: Hey! That's Level Three below us, ya know!
Sphinx: Sorry noodles!
Jinbei: The Government calls me a pirate who hates pirates... but your group is a different matter.
Ace: "Hates pirates"? You do?
Jinbei: I suppose you would be surprised... I spent a lot of time on Whitebeard's ship, but... because of my status, I had to travel underwater to get there. I do like you guys, after all.
Ace: I seem to recall that you almost killed me once, though...
Jinbei: Well, you almost killed me too, didn't you? I simply wanted to help him... After all, Fishman Island is at peace, only because of old Whitebeard. All pirates who travel the Grand Line pass through Fishman Island... Shortly after the Great Pirate Era began, Fishman Island was thrown into chaos. It was flooded with too many human pirates for us to hold back, as well as the marines chasing after them. Countless mermaids and fishmen were kidnapped and sold, and just as everyone had closed their eyes against the despair... Whitebeard appeared. "This island belongs to me now!" Those words were all it took. After that, nobody was able to lay a hand on Fishman Island. Such power! I will never forget that day! And like that he protected countless islands by claiming them as his own. He's the pirate boss, so we can't let him fall! What do you think would happen to the oceans if he were to die?! The era of chaos would resume. Anyone should be able to understand that! The Government must have realized this too! I wanted to stop this fight, even if it cost me my life. I wanted to save you, Ace-san...
Ace: Jinbei... please stop. You're being too hard on yourself...
Jinbei: I still haven't abandoned hope. I have faith in miracles and chance.
Crocodile: Seems like things have gotten pretty interesting out there. This sounds like a perfect chance to take down Whitebeard... The thought of it makes my blood boil.
Jinbei: Why, you!
Ace: You're saying you want to take the old man's head?
Crocodile: I ain't the only one.
Prisoner 1: Kill Whitebeard!
Prisoner 2: That bastard's gonna die, you say?!
Prisoner 3: Now, I like that! Sounds great!
Prisoner 4: Let me out to sea! I'll be the one to take his head!
Prisoner 5: Let me fight too! I'll bring an end to the era of Whitebeard!
Jinbei: Be silent, fools!
Crocodile: Jinbei. Fire Fist. Remember this well. Try and count the people who were forced to swallow their tears after being unable to beat Whitebeard or Roger... and you'll find thousands and thousands of 'em across the sea.
Buggy: Straw Hat! You're like the God of horrible fortune!
