Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew, and has snuck into the world's largest prison, Impel Down, to rescue his brother Ace who had been captured by the Navy. In Level One, he ran into Buggy, and after continuing down to Level Two, the Accursed Beasts Floor, Luffy teamed up with the former Baroque Works Agent, Mr. Three, and is continuing his way down.
Crocodile: Seems like things have gotten pretty interesting out there. Jinbei. Fire Fist. Remember this well. There are thousands of "silver-medalists" out at sea who had to swallow their tears after being unable to defeat Whitebeard or Roger.
Man: This is the monitoring room. We've gotten contact with Level Two.
Voice: Are you getting a visual?
Man: Yeah. Please clarify the situation.
Voice: Roger. What happened here? There's a hole large enough for the Sphinx to have fallen through here.
Man: What is Straw Hat Luffy after? Hey, look! This is bad!
Prisoner 1: Our respect and gratitude towards Captain Buggy...
Prisoner 2: Our saviour!
Man: T-This is Level Two! Requesting backup! The prisoners are running wild! What?! We've been so busy concentrating on the possibility of Whitebeard attacking us... If he somehow succeeds, the situation will be completely reversed! Report this to Warden Magellan, quickly! We've gotta quiet down the riot in Level Two!
Sengoku: What's so funny, Garp?! This is a catastrophe that might throw all the oceans of the world into an uproar! That kid has caused us all sorts of trouble! First at Enies Lobby...
Spandam: That mark is the symbol of the alliance of 170 countries across the four oceans and the Grand Line! This is the world itself! Now do you realize what kind of organization this woman is being chased by?!
Luffy: I know exactly who Robin's enemy is. Sogeking. Shoot down that flag.
Usopp: Understood. This is my new weapon, the great slingshot, "Kabuto"! Witness its firepower! Sure-Kill Firebird Star!
Robin: Impossible!
Sengoku: Then there's the incident with the Celestial Dragons...
Charlos: You awe annoying too!
Sengoku: Both those incidents were completely unheard of! And now, for the first time since that despicable Golden Lion 20 years ago, that kid who has gone and ruined the reputation of the impenetrable Impel Down, which has housed thousands of prisoners with no intrusions or break-outs... Why is it your grandson, Garp?!
Garp: Now, that's impressive! I'd expect no less from my grandson!
Sengoku: Damn that Bartholomew Kuma... He claimed that he'd finished off the Straw Hats back on the Sabaody Archipelago... So that was a lie after all?
Garp: It's not like you've ever trusted anything those Warlords said... Still, I wonder how he managed to escape from all those military forces? Maybe he flew away from there?
Sengoku: Stop joking around! If you hadn't been a hero of the Navy,
Garp: This situation is too serious to be resolved with just one old man taking the blame!
Sengoku: This is nothing to laugh at! How much work do you think I have to do before all this is settled?!
Garp: Hey! Those're mine! Give them back!
Sengoku: Be quiet!
Buggy: HOT!
Luffy: The ground is as hot as a frypan! Is this a desert? It's so hot here... Sure is quiet around here...
Buggy: Level Three...We sure came to one hell of a place... Straw Hat! Why did you drag us down with you again?!
Luffy: Looks like the lion is out cold.
Buggy: LISTEN TO ME!
Mr. 3: This place is too harsh for me, who possesses wax-powers...
Luffy: This place is huge! Where're the stairs?
Mr. 3: I don't know...
Buggy: This guy won't last for long if we stay here...
Luffy: Anyway, let's just get going.
Buggy: We won't get anywhere no matter how far we go, will we?
Mr. 3: If we keep talking, we'll just be wasting precious strength...
Luffy: A roasted bird just fell down!
Buggy: That's impossible!
Mr. 3: A bird from the floor above must have gotten lost, and been cooked by the hot air on the way down.
Luffy & Buggy: IT'S NOT THAT HOT HERE!
Luffy: It's roasted just right.
Mr. 3 & Buggy: You wanna eat that?
Luffy: I'd rather have some meatballs made from those lions in the last floor...
Buggy: You'd actually eat an animal that can talk?
Mr. 3: I'm surprised that you have even the slightest appetite in this situation...
Buggy: Cages!
Luffy: They're not exactly rare around here...
Buggy: Just proves how dumb you are!
Luffy: Really? You sure are smart!
Buggy: Of course!
Mr. 3: There's nowhere to hide, is there?
Luffy: Hey, what's inside here?
Mr. 3: You might not be able to see it any longer, but all the prisoners here in Level Three were once famous criminals worth over 50 million. The heat rising up here from the Infernal Hell below us, as well as the fact that hardly any food or water is given to them, has left all of the prisoners here half-dead. This is Level Three, the Famine Hell. At least now, you might be able to understand why this floor is covered in sand.
Buggy: Don't tell me...
Mr. 3: Even the sand you're stepping on right now... If we stick around for too long, We have to escape while we're still able to sweat off the heat.
Luffy: Then let's hurry down to Level Four!
Buggy & Mr. 3: YOU'RE GOING THERE?!
Buggy: Hey, it's not in that direction! It's up those stairs to the left!
Luffy: Really?
Mr. 3: No, it's down the passageway to the right.
Luffy: Which is it?!
Man: The targets have reached the floor.
Saldeath: Understood. Continue watching them. Get ready to put the plan into action.
Man: We still can't get in touch with Warden Magellan?! What about the Blugori?! Damn! How do they keep finding holes in Impel Down's security system?!
Buggy: Why... ...ARE WE SUDDENLY BACK HERE?!
Luffy: Seems we went the wrong way.
Buggy: YOU DON'T HAVE TO HAMMER IT IN!
Mr. 3: That's why I said we should go to the right...
Luffy: I wanna get to Level Four quickly...
Buggy & Mr. 3: Like we said, we ain't going!
Luffy: Show me the way!
Mr. 3: I never said that!
Buggy: Dammit, you're just rewriting your memories to make'em more convenient for you!
Luffy: I do?
Man: They're in position.
Saldeath: Alright, raise the net.
Man: Yes sir!
Luffy: Alright, I'll go alone then. What the hell?!
Buggy: Damn! It's a trap!
Luffy: It's a steel net!
Buggy: Damn! I can't use my Bara Bara Fruit powers!
Mr. 3: There's a horrible price to be paid for anyone who tries to escape... We're done for.
Man: We've captured the intruder, Straw Hat Luffy, and his henchmen.
Buggy: WHADDAYA MEAN, "HENCHMEN"?!
Mr. 3: Give it a rest, Buggy-kun. This is the end for us.
Luffy: Damn! I've gotta get out of this net!
Buggy: The jailers and the Blugori are here!
Man: Have them restrained with Sea Stone shackles!
Luffy: Dammit! Dammit! Dammit! Who the heck're you?
Saldeath: TL Note: Saldeath sounds like "saru desu", meaning "I am a monkey" I am Saldeath.
Luffy: You are? You don't look like a monkey, though...
Saldeath: No! You misunderstand.
Luffy: You are?
Saldeath: WRONG! Use your head a little more! Give it up already. It is useless to resist. Aren't you glad I was the one who caught you? After all, the four guard beasts in the lower levels are waiting.
Buggy: True, I don't wanna run into those or the prison warden...
Mr. 3: If only we had picked the right path and escaped earlier...
Saldeath: That wouldn't have happened.
Sphinx: Vongole Bianco...
Man: Head Jailer!
Mr. 3: Pasta?!
Sphinx: Soup Spaghetti!
Mr. 3: Seems he's started naming pastas now!
Buggy: We're gonna get crushed!
Man: The Sphinx woke up!
Saldeath: This is bad! The net is gonna tear! We can't let those three escape! Especially not Straw Hat!
Sphinx: Firm Yakisoba!
Buggy: He's gone back to noodles!
Mr. 3: Where did he learn all these?
Luffy: We did it! Thank God! We're getting out of here!
Saldeath: Capture them!
Luffy: Huh? Where'd they go?
Buggy: Hurry up, Mr. Three!
Mr.3: It's so hot here, I...
Luffy: They climbed the rope holding the net all the way up there?
Buggy: Straw Hat! Say "Hi!" to Ace for me when ya see him! Tell him that, if he survives, we should drink together again!
Mr. 3: You turned out to be a perfect decoy, you fool!
Luffy: After we'd finally met up again and all... Well, sure! See ya later! Thanks for helping me get this far!
Buggy: He's too positive!
Mr. 3: It pains me...My heart is in pain!
Saldeath: Don't let your guard down!
Buggy: Let's make a break for it while we can!
Mr. 3: Understood!
Luffy: I don't have time to fight all of you!
Sphinx: Buckwheat noodles!
Luffy: Oh, crap! This guy's still here?! Bastard!
Saldeath: He's running away! Get him!
Luffy: The stairs down...Where are the stairs down?!
Magellan: We will shortly arrive at the floor where Fire Fist Ace is being kept.
Hancock: At last...This is taking quite a long time.
Magellan: It can't be helped. Even we avoid setting foot down here. The only reason we're here now is because one of the Warlords requested it.
Hancock: It was my desire. Of course, you have a duty to fulfill it, do you not?
Magellan: Of course I do! Incidentally, we also have another who used to hold the same rank as yourself down there...
Hancock: You need not worry about such insignificant things. I need not know of any others.
Magellan: If so, that makes things easier for me.
Mr. 3: So hot...
Buggy: This is far enough, right?
Mr. 3: The stairs going up are blocked too... Just staying here is torture in itself...
Mr. 2: Un! Deux! Trois! Un! Deux! Kuraa! Un! Deux! Trois!
Buggy: What's with this singing?
Mr. 2: Un! Deux! Ondoryaa! Un! Deux! Kuraa! Un! Deux! Trois! This world is made up of men and women!
Saldeath: TL Note: Okama = cross dresser
Mr. 2: However, okama are both men and women! That's why it's the best!
Prisoners: The best!
Mr. 2: It's the best!
Prisoners: The best!
Mr. 2: Okama way! It's the greatest!
Prisoners: The best! It's the best! The best!
Mr. 2: Okama way! Okama WAY!
