Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! The Straw Hat Pirates have been scattered, and Luffy has infiltrated the world's largest prison, Impel Down, in order to free his brother Ace, who has been captured by the Navy.
Jinbei: Ace-san... What did that woman say to you?
Ace: She said that my brother... is coming here.
Bon Kurei: Long time no see, Straw-chan! It's me! Spinning, spinning!
Voice: The prisoners we suspect are aiding Straw Hat Luffy are as follows... Prisoner number E 8200, Prisoner number D 0464, Galdino, alias Mister Three. Prisoner number C 9915, Bentham, alias Mister Two Bon Kurei. At the moment, Straw Hat Luffy and Mister Two Bon Kurei are causing an uproar in the N-sector of Level Three. The Blugori can't restrain them!
Luffy: Hey, Bon-chan! How do we get to the lower levels?
Bon Kurei: There's a staircase just at the other end here.
Luffy: Really? I sure am glad I ran into you, Bon-chan!
Bon Kurei: Straw-chan, you needn't thank me. It was nothing!
Prison-staff: It seems the two of them are headed for the stairs to Level Four.
Voice: However, we've yet to locate the pirate, Buggy the Clown and Galdino, Mister Three.
Prisoner: A riot in Level Two, and intruders running wild throughout the prison... Things've gotten pretty interesting around here. It'll all be over for'em anyway, once they get caught.
Domino: Thank you for cooperating.
Hancock: You're welcome.
Domino: You can put your mantle back on.
Hancock: I must have caused you trouble...
Domino: Oh, not at all...
Hancock: Come to think of it...
Domino: Yes?
Hancock: I heard that someone had broken into the prison.
Domino: Yes, that's right... Still, this is the impenetrable prison, Impel Down. Warden Magellan is currently taking action, so it should only be a matter of time before they're caught.
Hancock: I see. There certainly are all kinds of people in this world. Magellan... His ability is dangerous. You must not let him find you, Luffy.
Magellan: What happened to Saldeath?
Voice: The Blugori couldn't stop Straw Hat Luffy and Mister Two, so... ...he's gone to suppress the uproar in Level Two.
Magellan: Why did nobody report the situation to me before it got this bad?!
Hannyabal: You were the one who was so focused on Hancock-dono that you ignored the reports, remember?
Magellan: I ignored the reports, you say?!
Hannyabal: That's right. This is ALL your fault.
Hancock: Warden... I would like to go see the prisoner as soon as possible.
Magellan: Right, let's go! Going right now!
Hannyabal: W-Warden! This is a major incident, you know! Sheesh, if you'd just looked into the situation back there... Warden, your breath...!
Magellan: I ignored the reports, you say?!
Hannyabal: Ah, no, maybe you didn't...
Sadi: Did the guests leave, Warden?
Magellan: Oh, Sadi-chan.
Prison-staff: Salute the Jailer!
Sadi: We've finished preparing for the hunt... So, what should we do?
Magellan: Perfect timing. Is anyone on Level Three?
Sadi: The Minotaurus... went there.
Magellan: I see. But there's a way out of Level Three. I suppose he won't be able to pursue them. I'll leave the fracas on Level Two to Saldeath... Send all remaining Impel Down staff here to Level Four!
Voice: Understood, Sir!
Magellan: If they manage to escape from the Minotaurus and fall down here... I'll finish them off personally in Inferno Hell! They've underestimated this Great Prison, Impel Down!
Mr. 3: The air here is so unbearably hot...
Buggy: Well, tough, we don't have a choice. Still, we've gotta think of a way to get back up to Level One... ...or we won't last long...
Mr. 3: I haven't even a drop of spit to save my life... Are we going to die like this?
Buggy: What's going on here?
Mr. 3: It's so quiet...
Buggy: This atmosphere is giving me the willies...
Bon Kurei: S-Straw-chan! This is really bad!
Luffy: W-What's with this thing? It sure is fast!
Bon Kurei: It's the Minotaurus!
Luffy: The Minotaurus?
Bon Kurei: A cold-blooded Demon Guard! That's what it is!
Luffy: A monster? A Devil Fruit user?
Bon Kurei: How would I know?!
Luffy: Bon-chan! That thing's fast!
Bon Kurei: Straw-chan, watch out! I'm...gonna die...
Luffy: You alright, Bon-chan?
Bon Kurei: I-I thought I was dying... I saw a field of Okama before my eyes... You really are strong... I'm sure that monster is still alive, but he must be hurt. Huh? What?! I'm so angry!  This is just awful! Cosmetics, cosmetics! I need cosmetics! That, and my toe-shoes, clothes, weapons, and... booze, tears, and Okama Way!
Luffy: I wanna get down from here now.  I'm thirsty and hungry!
Bon Kurei: There's no cause for concern, Straw-chan! Getting from Level Three to Level Four is as easy as puke!
Luffy: Seriously?!
Bon Kurei: Yep! Too, too easy! So easy! Way too easy! There it is, Straw-chan. Just climb the great, big wall over there.
Luffy: The wall? You mean up there?
Bon Kurei: That's right.
Luffy: Right! Hot hot hot hot HOT! What's with that wall?
Bon Kurei: A frying pan, huh? That's exactly right, Straw-chan! So, you alright?
Bon Kurei & Luffy: Ready, and...
Luffy: Hot!
Bon Kurei: See this, Straw-chan? Look down there.
Luffy: What's with this place?
Bon Kurei: Right?
Luffy: The Inferno.  That's below here?
Bon Kurei: Indeed.  As you said, A sea of boiling blood and fire wait for you down there.
Luffy: The heat on this floor is nothing compared to down there, huh?
Bon Kurei: You can try jumping down there, if you like, Beyond this point, every move forward is risking your life.
Luffy: Bon-chan, you said there was someone you wanted to see, right? I'd like to know who this guy is you're risking your life to see.
Bon Kurei: People call him a "Miracle Man". Locked away for a crime he didn't commit, he is known as Iva-san! The Queen of the Drag Queendom on Momoiro Island in the Grand Line! The great Okama Queen, admired by all Okama in the world!
Luffy: Okama Queen?
Bon Kurei: That's right! Hey wait!  We were in such a nice mood here, and you go and bring THAT thing back here?! I thought you were trying to escape!
Buggy: STRAW HAT!
Luffy: So you wanna come along after all?
Buggy: As if anyone'd wanna go to Hell! We were just hiding, and this thing just came flying at us! I dunno why, though...
Luffy: Oh, I sent him flying at you.
Buggy: Oh, so it was you then?  WAIT JUST A MINUTE?!
Mr. 3: I've had enough of this...
Buggy: Minotaurus, you... damn monster... My life's at stake here... I've got no choice but to reveal my trump card! Hey, Straw Hat!
Luffy: Nah.
Buggy: "Nah"? How can that be...? LIKE HELL! I'm talking about the Buggy-ball, y'know, the Buggy-ball! Don't you remember me blowing up a whole town in one blow with it? KA-BOOM! Y'know, the whole town just went KA-BOOM! Don't you remember that powerful attack?!
Luffy: Nope.
Buggy: Well...What? Uh... I had this really powerful cannonball called the Buggy-ball, you see... It was like, my favorite weapon and stuff...
Mr. 3: If you gave it your own name,
Buggy: Exactly! The "Muggy-Ball"!
Mr. 3: You changed the name?!
Buggy: Take this!
Luffy: Awesome!
Bon Kurei: It worked!
Buggy: Well, that's how it works. SHIT! It's still conscious?!
Bon Kurei: Let's do it, Straw-chan!
Luffy: Hey, Three! You really can't use your Doru-Doru powers here?
Mr. 3: It'll melt in just three seconds!
Luffy: Then I'll have to do it in three seconds.
Bon Kurei: Flying, I'm flying! My flying Okama Kenpo!
Mr. 3: Here I go, Straw Hat!
Luffy: Right!
All three: WE DID IT!
Luffy: Right! Now let's get going down to Level Four!
Voice: This is Level Four.
Ace: Stay away,
Narrator: As Buggy and Mister Three continue their attempt to escape, and Luffy strives to travel deeper into the prison, chaos and a bad twist of fate send them plummeting into the fiery bowels of Level Four! Elsewhere, Warden Magellan, along with the full forces of Impel Down, are lying in wait for Luffy!
