Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Having parted ways with Mr. 3 and Buggy on Level Three, Luffy reunited with Bon Kurei and is heading deeper into the prison.
Magellan: Send all remaining Impel Down staff here to Level Four!
Voice: Understood, Sir!
Magellan: If they manage to escape from the Minotaurus and fall down here... I'll finish them off personally, here in the Inferno Hell!
Luffy: What's with this place? There's so much hot air and smoke! It's too hot to stand up!
Bon Kurei: Right? However, the place below us is, indeed, where you wanted to go: Level Four, the Inferno Hell!
Luffy: The Inferno... That's below here?
Bon Kurei: I thought you were trying to escape!
Buggy: STRAW HAT!
Luffy: So you wanna come along after all?
Buggy: As if anyone'd wanna go to Hell! Take this!
Luffy: Right!
All three: WE DID IT! WE BEAT A MONSTER FROM HELL!
Hancock: How much time is left before his execution?
Momonga: 29 hours. Tomorrow, at three in the afternoon, this will all be over. Of course, that's assuming nothing goes wrong.
Man: We'll transfer Portgas D. Ace tomorrow morning.
Hancock: Luffy... As long as you are alright, I...
Buggy: Listen, I want to make sure of this one more time.
Luffy: Sure. You still plannin' to go down to Level Four? Yeah. You wanna come along after all?
Mr. 3: You couldn't pay me to go!
Buggy: How many times do I have to explain it, you freaking dumbass?! Can't you see that pillar of steam?!
Bon Kurei: Spinning, spinning, spinning-ing-ing!
Buggy: Not to a place like Level Four!
Luffy: Why?
Mr. 3 and Buggy: WHADDAYA MEAN "WHY"?!
Mr. 3: We're trying to break out! Break. Out.
Buggy: We wanna go up! Up, fool!
Luffy: Man, what a huge blood booger...
Mr. 3 and Buggy: HEY, YOU LISTENING?!
Bon Kurei: Just give it up, Straw-chan.
Buggy: WHO YOU CALLIN' A BIG-NOSED WIMP?!
Bon Kurei: What the hell?! How could you possibly mistake what I said for THAT?! I've decided! I'm going 'round and 'round! This ain't no joke!
Luffy: Hey, the ceiling just keeps getting higher and higher...
Mr. 3: You're right... I was just wondering what kind of trick they were using to cause that cracking-sound... WE'RE THE ONES FALLING DOWN!
Buggy: Dammit! My Muggy-Ball was too powerful, and it caused the floor to crumble!
Bon Kurei: No, no, it was because my kicks were too fierce!
Luffy: You're wrong, it was because my punch was too strong!
Mr. 3: Oh, no, no... It was because my wax-powers were- Oh, right, never mind.
The other three: IT WASN'T YOU, OKAY?!
All four: WE'RE GONNA FALL INTO THE FIRE! HELP US!
Prisoner: Hey, cut it out!
Prison-guard: You're just getting what's coming to you. How many people have YOU killed up till now? Do it.
Prisoner: We've had plenty of time to reflect over what we did!
Prisoner 2: That's right! We're sorry!
Prisoner 3: Stop it!
Prisoner: IT'S HOT! IT'S SO HOT!
Prisoner2: SAVE US!
Prison-guard: Carry the logs over there! No slacking off!
Prisoner: So hot... It feels like my organs are boiling! This floor is more painful than dying! I've had enough! Make way! Move it!
Prison-guard: A prisoner is trying to escape!
Prisoner: Hey, move it! You wanna get thrown into the sea of fire?!
Prison-guard: You scum! Prisoners aren't allowed to harm other prisoners!
Momonga: I've granted your request. Now you must-
Hancock: Say no more. As promised, I will hear the summoning.
Marines: Welcome back!
Momonga: Thanks for that.
Marine: We'll have your food ready in a moment.
Hancock: No need. I will not be eating as much from now on.
Marine: Are you sure?
Hancock: Don't make me repeat myself, you fool!
Marine: P-Please forgive me. Vice-Admiral Momonga!
Momonga: What is it?
Marine: Red-Hair has apparently gotten involved in a fight in the New World!
Momonga: Red Hair? Why now? Against who?
Marine: Well...Kaidou of the Four Emperors!
Momonga: Kaidou, you say?!
Marine: According to HQ, Kaidou said he was gonna take down Whitebeard, and Red-Hair stopped him. However, it wasn't a very large battle...
Momonga: That sort of thing was bound to happen! My, how uneasy this sea has become. With all that's going on now, we can't deal with fights between the Four Emperors! It's possible there be no way to avoid a fight with Whitebeard.
Marine: You mean, a full-on confrontation?
Momonga: Our enemies are the mightiest pirates on the sea: the Whitebeard Pirates. To counter them, we've got all three admirals and the Seven Warlords, as well as the Navy's entire combat force. No matter who wins, this battle will be engraved in history. Hurry, and set sail for Marineford!
Marine: Yes, Sir!
Prisoner: What's going on?
Prisoner 2: What's gonna happen here on this floor?
Prison-guard: It sure is hot down here!
Prison-guard 2: Get your protective clothes on! If Straw Hat Luffy and the others make it down here, it'll be through this door. Still no reports?
Prison-guard 3: Perhaps the Minotaurus killed them?
Hannyabal: Warden, what're you doing, hiding in there like that? Hurry up, and come out.
Magellan: Don't just open it all of a sudden! It's too bright!
Hannyabal: Warden, about that Warden's seat...
Magellan: Silence. This is the Warden's special seat. I'd rather close my heart to you, too. Here it comes!
Hannyabal: You've got a toilet in there?! DISGUSTING!!!
Magellan: I can hear you, you know!
Sadi: If we were gonna wait for this long, it'd have been better to just head... straight to Level Three.
Magellan: Now, don't be so impatient, Sadi-chan.
Sadi: It's not me, I mean these kids. They can't hold back their bloodthirstiness... for very long.
Prison-guard: Reporting in! It appears that Straw Hat Luffy has entered the Vent Column in Level Three, though we haven't been able to contact the surveillance.
Sadi: What?!
Hannyabal: If they manage to get out now, the Warden will be held responsible... That hurt! I really wanna become Warden... Uh, that...really hurt.
Magellan: If so, then he'll save us a lot of trouble if he falls down here. That's the Cauldron of Blood beneath him. Those guys all have Devil Fruit powers,
Buggy: How'd I end up in this situation?!
Mr. 3: I don't want to go to Level Four!
Bon Kurei: This is bad! We're headed straight for the Cauldron of Blood!
Luffy: We're falling!!!
Prison-guard: Warden Magellan! I have something to report! The intruder, Straw Hat Luffy, has already reached this floor!
Magellan: What?! What do you mean?!
Prison-guard: Seems he fell down from the Vent Column.
Magellan: But the Cauldron of Blood was right below the hole!
Prison-guard: I'm just guessing, but he might have been able to leap to safety from the giant rock that fell down with them.
Magellan: They got lucky.
Prison-guard: Also...
Magellan: What?
Hannyabal: Warden, you stink! Oh, I messed up.
Prison-guard: The Demon Guard, the Minotaurus, seems to have been immobilized and has fallen down with them.
Sadi: No way?! Did they defeat him?!
Prison-guard: Probably.
Sadi: That can't be! I refuse to believe it!
Magellan: Calm down! I will give you your instructions now. If they intend to escape from Level Four, We will split the forces here into three squads. Hannyabal, I'll leave the protection of this staircase leading to Level Three to you. Sadi-chan, you take the Demon Guards and guard the stairs leading to Level Five.
Sadi: You're kidding! I don't want to stand guard... I want to attack them! There's no meaning to my life if I can't attack them, Warden!
Hannyabal: If they come here, I'll just let them escape and push the blame on the Warden...
Magellan: You got any complaints?
Sadi: Oh, please stop... sighing!
Hannyabal: Why're you breathing on me too?
Magellan: My instincts told me that you had evil intentions. You can do whatever you want once you've captured them.
Sadi: That's great! I can't wait!
Magellan: All remaining Jailers, chase after them! You've permission to kill them!
Jailers: Yes, Sir!
Sadi: But please, don't kill them completely!
Magellan: Don't underestimate me, Straw Hat Luffy and your gang! I won't let you have your way any longer! I will settle this here, in Inferno Hell! First off...
Jailer: The Warden is finally gonna take action!
Everyone: YOU'VE GOT DIARRHEA AGAIN?!
Buggy: Hot! What's up with this corridor, it's flashily hot!
Mr. 3: The air is so hot, even my lungs feel hot!
Luffy: Hurry up! We've gotta hurry and get out of here!
Bon Kurei: You guys are just helpless! If you clear your mind, the fire is just another Okama. Not that I don't understand how you feel, though. This floor is even hotter than the one above us. It IS kinda hot... I DO kinda feel like I'm getting roasted here... HOT!!!
The other three: YOU'RE THE ONE WHO CAN'T STAND THE HEAT!
Luffy: Over there! Let's go!
Buggy: Where're you going?!
Bon Kurei: HOT!!!
Mr. 3: Be quiet!
Bon Kurei: Wait... The place Straw-chan is running towards... The kitchen is over there! I'm starving too! Straw-chan, wait for me!
Buggy: Fantastic! If they've got some booze there, it'll be perfect!
Mr. 3: Wait, Buggy!
Luffy: Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot!!! Hot, hot! Smells nice...
Jailer: We've found him! That's Straw Hat Luffy!
Luffy: Sure are a lot of 'em! This floor is way hotter than the one above us, but as soon as I get something to eat, I'll feel 100 times better!
Jailer: Stop him! We've found Straw Hat Luffy!
Jailer 2: Team B has arrived on scene! They're closing in on him together with Team A! However, they've taken heavy casualties!
Jailer 3: They're requesting backup! What shall we do now?!
Bon Kurei: Spinning! Spinning! I'm spinning! Okama Kenpo...
Jailer: Teams A and B have been eliminated! Teams C, D, and E, are suffering major losses! The backup from upstairs won't make it in time! The difference in strength is too big! We won't be able to hold our position much longer!
Hannyabal: The position that I worked so hard to gain is at risk now!
Buggy: What's the big deal, partner?!
Mr. 3: Take a good look. The enemy are dropping like flies. Also, Level Four is known for its screams and torture,
Jailer: Up there! They're up there!
Mr. 3: We've got to find out where the exit is while we have the chance! We might get ambushed and trapped here on this floor!
Buggy: Ambushed in Level Four?! But they're after Straw Hat, right?! It was just an accident that got us here!
Mr. 3: Regardless, we've tried to escape, so both our names and faces have been revealed. I'm afraid that... there's a high chance that they've gathered The remaining three Demon Guards are a given... but if Warden Magellan also shows up, we're done for!
Luffy: Move it!
Jailer: Stop!
Luffy: Get out of my way! Damn... I thought that was a spear or something... What is that? Hot! Is it jelly? Poop?
Bon Kurei: Straw-chan, look up there!
Magellan: You've been running about freely for far too long!
Luffy: Who're you?!
Bon Kurei: M-Magellan!
Magellan: This is the end for you, persistent vermin!
Narrator: Prison Warden Magellan has finally made his appearance. His Doku Doku Fruit-powers make it impossible to even touch his body, and Luffy fights him with his life on the line. However, in the face of the mighty Hydra that Magellan created, Bon Kurei makes an unexpected move.
