Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! The Straw Hat Pirates have been scattered, and Luffy has broken into the world's largest prison, Impel Down, to free his brother Ace, who is held captive by the Navy. Once inside, Luffy was reunited with Buggy, and former Baroque Works agents, Mister Three and Mister Two Bon Kurei, and they all wound up falling into Level Four.
Luffy: Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot!!! Smells nice... Hot, hot!  Smells nice...
Magellan: You've been running about freely for far too long!
Luffy: Who're you?!
Bon Kurei: M-Magellan!
Magellan: This is the end for you, persistent vermin!
Jailer: This is bad.  It's too dangerous here!
Magellan: The Inferno Floor sure is hot.
Jailer: W-Warden!  Please, wait a second!
Jailer 2: Please don't fight him just yet!
Jailer 3: Get away from here! We'll be affected by the Warden's poison!
Luffy: What the hell? And I'd almost gotten to where that nice smell was coming from, too! I'm hungry!  Get outta my way!
Magellan: You're quite high-spirited, but rest assured... Soon, there'll be no need for you to eat anything ever again.
Luffy: What're you talking about?
Bon Kurei: S-Straw-chan!  You can't fight him! That's Magellan, the Warden of Impel Down! He's got the power of the Doku Doku Fruit! Run away!  This guy's too much for you to handle!
Luffy: Doku Doku?  So he's a poison man.
Magellan: That's right. Straw Hat Luffy... The rookie I hear has caused trouble wherever he's gone, has opposed both Navy HQ and the World Government, and has a 300 million beli bounty on his head. I never dreamed that man would break into the legendary, impenetrable prison. As the Warden, this is very disgraceful for me. I know what you've come here for. You want to free your brother, the commander of Whitebeard's Second Division, Portgas D. Ace! However, it will be absolutely impossible for you to reach him, much less escape from Impel Down. Straw Hat Luffy, your luck has run out. After capturing you, I'll take my time with you to learn just how you managed to break in here.
Hancock: You can come out, Luffy.
Luffy: That was close!
Hancock: It seems this is as far as I can take you. After this, they'll restrain my abilities with Sea Stone, I had hoped I could be of more help to you...
Luffy: What're you talking about?
Hancock: Luffy...
Luffy: I'd die before telling you that!
Magellan: Before we torture them, all the prisoners say that. But then again, Straw Hat, what you're about to experience is nothing as pleasant as mere torture!
Bon Kurei: Straw-chan!  Magellan's entire body is poisonous! Do you really think you stand a chance against a man like him?!
Luffy: I'll win!
Bon Kurei: Get back to the Cauldron of Blood where we were before, and turn right! Straw-chan, just give up on the food, and let's make a run towards Level Five!
Magellan: That won't work! The stairway leading to Level Five is guarded by a Head Jailer and three Demon Guards! We've already sealed off all escape routes from this floor! No matter where you try to run...
Hannyabal: If they come this way, I'll let them pass and blame the Warden.
Magellan: ...you can't escape!
Bon Kurei: NOOO!  NO WAY!
Luffy: What is that?! Is all of that poison?! A huge cluster of poison?!
Bon Kurei: NO! Straw-chan...!
Luffy: Bon-chan! WHAT'RE YOU DOING, BON-CHAN?!
Bon Kurei: Like I said, it won't work! If you get soaked in it, or even touch it, you're gone.
Luffy: You can say that, but HOW am I supposed to fight without touching him?!
Bon Kurei: Like I said, you can't fight him!
Luffy: No way!  Can't I do anything here?!
Bon Kurei: Magellan is after Straw-chan! Gomu Gomu no Gomu Gomu no Okama Pistol Okama Gatling Okama Giant Scythe Now, which of us is the real Straw-chan? I'm sure you're completely lost now!
Luffy: Bon-chan.  Your jumpsuit.
Bon Kurei: I'll distract the Hydra.
Luffy: Huh?
Bon Kurei: Look!  Over here, Hydra-chan! Come on, come on!  Oh, come on! Tricked you!
Magellan: I told you it's useless.  Don't you understand?!
Luffy: He has more of them?
Bon Kurei: Oh, no! Even the Okama is surprised!
Jailer: Wait, Warden Magellan!  We're still here!
Luffy: What's he doing to his own allies?!
Bon Kurei: The Hydra's made of a paralyzing nerve-poison! Excruciating pain spreads through your entire body, and eventually kills you!
Jailer: It hurts...!  Hurry, give me the antidote!
Jailer 2: Stay away from me!
Magellan: Don't get in the way of my attack, you fools!
Jailer: P-Please forgive me!
Luffy: I'm hungry!  I'm hungry!  I'm so hungry!
Bon Kurei: You've still got your appetite, even now?! Still, it might be impossible to run away from Magellan!
Luffy: HOT! Try following me now! I'm on fire! Alright!  I beat one of its heads!
Magellan: I'd expect no less from Ace's brother.  You've got talent. But this is as far as you'll go!
Jailer: Oh, crap!  Warden Magellan is using that attack!
Luffy: That was close!
Jailer: Put on your gas masks!
Prisoner: Tear-and-sneezing gas?
Prisoner 2: Damn, it's Magellan's poison gas!
Prisoner 3: Why is he fighting down here?! Who's his opponent?
Prisoner 4: Maybe that intruder they were talking about? Releasing poison gas in the depths of Hell?  This is serious!
Luffy: Huh?  My eyes are itchy, and I can't stop crying! Whad da hell?  I cad't... I cad't figdt lige dith! Whad?! The dragon stopped!
Magellan: It doesn't matter how hard you struggle... You won't ever leave this place!
Luffy: Can't see...!
Magellan: If you think you can touch me, then go ahead and try!
Luffy: If I touch him, I'm done for... He melted the stone wall!
Magellan: You're next!
Luffy: I must save Ace...!
Magellan: In the end, you and your brother Ace... ...will suffer the same fate!
Jailer: Please...!  Hurry up and give me the antidote...!
Jailer 2: Did Warden Magellan do that?
Jailer 3: Yeah.  Seems he's fighting Straw Hat Luffy right now.
Jailer 4: If we're not careful, we'll get caught up in it and end up like that too!
Jailer 5: Sorry, but I won't accept that!
Buggy: Seems that Straw Hat bastard is going at it flashily.
Mr. 3: This is most fortunate for us! Warden Magellan, the strongest man in Impel Down, is completely focused on Straw Hat! Granted, he surely has people guarding the way back to Level Three, too, but still... the biggest obstacle isn't here! In other words, this is our golden chance!
Bon Kurei: Straw-chan is... Straw-chan is... And yet, I can't do a single thing for my friend! If nothing else, I should cheer him on from my heart! Straw-chan... Because... I'm spinning! What good will this do?! I'm such a dummy! For the sake of my friend, I must risk my worthless life... and stand up and fight, with my Okama pride at stake! Wait...  My feet... WON'T MOVE! That hurt! Straw-chan is gonna... Can't I even save my friend? Is there really nothing I can do? Center yourself... Think this through...! Swan Arabesque Swan Death Quit joking around!  That won't help! Back-up Fouetté The roses scatter Quit joking around! Memoir of that Winter Sky I won! The Okama field beckons. That's impossible too!  That's it! I can't think of anything! It's no use... Magellan is capable of silencing the prisoners in the world's greatest prison... He's the ruler of Hell... Let's see some determination, Bon Kurei! I'm so sorry! No matter what I do, I can't win! I don't stand a chance at winning! I'm sorry, Straw-chan! I'M SORRY!
Mr. 3: There'll never be a better chance than now, when Magellan is fighting Straw Hat!
Buggy: You're insane, you flashy bastard! Can't you see how many enemies there are?!
Mr. 3: It's not about how many there are!  Listen closely! They want to prevent Straw Hat from going to the lower levels, This is the easiest escape-route! If we let this chance go, the net will only close in on us! This is the best way out! We've got to get back up to Level Three before that happens!
Buggy: You may be right... And I haven't heard anything about Assistant Warden Hannyabal having any Devil Fruit-powers... If I blow the rest of 'em away with the Muggy-Ball, we might be able to handle him!
Mr. 3: That's right. Get ready! I've had enough of this infernal floor!
Both: Let's go.
Buggy: We've just gotta force our way through!
Mr. 3: Indeed!
Jailer: Hannyabal-sama!  It's Buggy the Clown and Mister Three!
Jailer 2: They're trying to get back to Level Three!
Buggy: Muggy
Mr. 3: Candle
Hannyabal: Wait! All troops, pull back!
Jailer: Hannyabal-sama!
Hannyabal: I, the Assistant Warden, am the one in charge here. Here it is! God has not yet abandoned me. If I let these two go, And in the end, Warden Magellan will have to take responsibility for it. And then... the position of Warden will pass straight over to me!
Jailer: Hannyabal-sama, should we really just ignore them?
Jailer 2: What should we do?  Orders, please!
Hannyabal: Make way! Sorry to have kept you waiting! Now, this way! Hurry up and move!
Jailer: Is this really alright?
Jailer 2: I'm sure the Assistant Warden has thought this through!
Hannyabal: Now, go on and escape!
Both: QUIT MESSING WITH US!
Buggy: It's obvious what you're planning, you flashy Assistant Warden!
Mr. 3: There's no way such a valuable opportunity would present itself so easily!
Hannyabal: If you'd just leave without making a fuss, this would all work out...
Buggy: This is...
Mr. 3: Yeah...
Magellan: You still have no intention of giving up?
Luffy: I'll break Ace free and get out of here! There's no way I'm gonna die before I get to him! I won't let Ace be executed!
Magellan: What's with that steam?
Luffy: If I'm doomed to lose because you're poisonous and I can't touch you, then I'd rather touch you and... give up my arms to beat you!
Magellan: If you don't want those arms,
Narrator: Having launched an attack at Magellan, who he couldn't even touch, Luffy is trapped by the power of the Doku Doku Fruit. To save Ace, Luffy abandons reason and unleashes a self-destructive attack! What will be the outcome of the battle?!
