Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next? What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! will continue through the Grand Line! The Straw Hat Pirates have been scattered, The Straw Hat Pirates have been scattered, and Luffy has broken into the world's largest prison, Impel Down, and Luffy has broken into the world's largest prison, Impel Down, to free his brother Ace, who is held captive by the Navy. to free his brother Ace, who is held captive by the Navy. On the fourth level, the Inferno Floor, he was ambushed by Warden Magellan. On the fourth level, the Inferno Floor, he was ambushed by Warden Magellan.
Magellan: After capturing you, I'll take my time with you to learn just how you managed to break in here. After capturing you, I'll take my time with you to learn just how you managed to break in here.
Luffy: I'd die before telling you that! I'd die before telling you that!
Bon Kurei: NO! NO! Straw-chan...! Straw-chan...!
Luffy: Bon-chan! Bon-chan! WHAT'RE YOU DOING, BON-CHAN?! WHAT'RE YOU DOING, BON-CHAN?!
Bon Kurei: Like I said, it won't work! Like I said, it won't work! If you get soaked in his poison, or even touch it, you're gone. If you get soaked in his poison, or even touch it, you're gone.
Magellan: It doesn't matter how hard you struggle... It doesn't matter how hard you struggle... You won't ever leave this place! You won't ever leave this place!
Bon Kurei: Magellan is capable of silencing the prisoners in the world's greatest prison... Magellan is capable of silencing the prisoners in the world's greatest prison... He's the ruler of Hell... He's the ruler of Hell... Let's see some determination, Bon Kurei! Let's see some determination, Bon Kurei! No matter what I do, I can't win! No matter what I do, I can't win! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I don't stand a chance of winning! I don't stand a chance of winning! I'm running away!  Sorry! I'm running away!  Sorry! I'm sorry, Straw-chan! I'm sorry, Straw-chan! I'M SORRY! I'M SORRY!
Magellan: You still have no intention of giving up? You still have no intention of giving up?
Luffy: I won't let Ace be executed! I won't let Ace be executed! If I'm doomed to lose because you're poisonous and I can't touch you, If I'm doomed to lose because you're poisonous and I can't touch you, then I'd rather touch you and... then I'd rather touch you and... give up my arms to beat you! give up my arms to beat you!
Hannyabal: Sheesh, what a pain. Sheesh, what a pain. If you'd just passed through and caused a ruckus up above, I could've blamed the Warden! If you'd just passed through and caused a ruckus up above, I could've blamed the Warden!
Jailer: Reporting in from Level Three Archway. Reporting in from Level Three Archway. We've suffered some casualties from the escapees' bomb attack. We've suffered some casualties from the escapees' bomb attack. Yes, we've captured Buggy the Clown and Mister Three. Yes, we've captured Buggy the Clown and Mister Three.
Hannyabal: I told them they could go through, yet they still attacked me! I told them they could go through, yet they still attacked me! Freaking morons! Freaking morons!
Buggy: S-So strong!  I never expected him to be that strong! S-So strong!  I never expected him to be that strong!
Mr. 3: I don't want to be tortured... I don't want to be tortured... I'n godda bide id! I'n godda bide id!
Jailer: H-Here he comes! H-Here he comes!
Bon Kurei: Outta my way! Outta my way! Move it, dammit! Move it, dammit! If you don't wanna get hurt... If you don't wanna get hurt... then get outta my way! then get outta my way!
Jailer: Don't let Mister Two get away! Don't let Mister Two get away!
Jailer 2: Damn! Damn! Don't get in my way! Don't get in my way!
Bon Kurei: TL Note: Shabby Swan Ball Is it really impossible to stand up to him? Is it really impossible to stand up to him? I don't dream of such reckless things. I don't dream of such reckless things. If I go over there, the odds of getting killed are 200%... If I go over there, the odds of getting killed are 200%... I'm running away! I'm running away! There's no option... But to run! There's no option... But to run! Straw-chan! Straw-chan!
Magellan: To think you could bring me to my knees... To think you could bring me to my knees... A cornered mouse is a frightful thing. A cornered mouse is a frightful thing. No matter, the poison covering your arms will be more than enough! No matter, the poison covering your arms will be more than enough! It'll rob you of your strength, bit by bit. It'll rob you of your strength, bit by bit. You're suffering, aren't you?  How shameful. You're suffering, aren't you?  How shameful. You're still not done?! You're still not done?! TL Note: Poison Pufferfish
Luffy: It didn't work?! It didn't work?! Mist...? Mist...?
Magellan: TL Note: Poison Cloud It's pointless. It's pointless. It's a living being! It's a living being! Is your eyesight growing blurry? Is your eyesight growing blurry?
Luffy: TL Note: Rubber Balloon
Magellan: I'm telling you it's pointless!  Don't you get it?! I'm telling you it's pointless!  Don't you get it?! No matter how hard you struggle, there's no escape for you. No matter how hard you struggle, there's no escape for you. Both your hands must be useless by now. Both your hands must be useless by now. The poison will take everything away from you before long! The poison will take everything away from you before long!
Mr. 3: I'm gonna bite it! I'm gonna bite it! I'll really do it, you know! I'll really do it, you know! I JUST CAN'T DO IT! I JUST CAN'T DO IT!
Buggy: Dammit! Dammit!
Hannyabal: Take 'em away. Take 'em away.
Jailer: Yes sir! Yes sir!
Hannyabal: Sheesh. Sheesh.
Buggy: S-Stop!  Stop it! S-Stop!  Stop it!
Mr. 3: I don't wanna be tortured! TL Note: Goumon = Torture I don't wanna be tortured!
Buggy: Asses stink! TL Note: Koumon = Anus Asses stink!
Mr. 3: Indeed! Indeed!
Bon Kurei: Hey, wait a second! Hey, wait a second!
Jailer: What? What?
Mr. 3: This voice... This voice...
Bon Kurei: TL Note: Swan Arabesque
Jailer: Who are you?! Who are you?!
Buggy: You're...! You're...!
Mr. 3: Mister Two! Mister Two!
Jailer: The third escapee! The third escapee!
Hannyabal: Don't get cocky! Don't get cocky!
Bon Kurei: Un!  Deux!  Trois! Un!  Deux!  Trois! Un!  Deux!  Trois! Un!  Deux!  Trois!
Hannyabal: You're pretty good, but I won't let you get away! You're pretty good, but I won't let you get away! Who are you? Who are you? So cute... So cute... W-W-What? W-W-What?
Magellan: You don't know when to quit. You don't know when to quit. Do you really want to save your brother so badly? Do you really want to save your brother so badly? It'd be easier for you to just lie down and shut your eyes. It'd be easier for you to just lie down and shut your eyes.
Ace: Hey, guards! Hey, guards! Tell me the truth! Tell me the truth! What's going on up above us? What's going on up above us?
Guard: Nothing at all. Nothing at all.
Magellan: Stupid fool.  Why would you go so far? Stupid fool.  Why would you go so far? Portgas D. Ace is a felon sentenced to death! Portgas D. Ace is a felon sentenced to death! And you are an intruder trying to rescue him! And you are an intruder trying to rescue him! I will not forgive any sin! I will not forgive any sin! Ace's fated death at Marineford has long since been set in stone! Ace's fated death at Marineford has long since been set in stone! There's nothing you can do about it! There's nothing you can do about it!
Luffy: SHUT UP!!! SHUT UP!!!
Ace: Stay away... Stay away... Don't come down here... Don't come down here... Luffy...! Luffy...!
Magellan: You're only hurting yourself. You're only hurting yourself. That's quite enough, isn't it? That's quite enough, isn't it?
Luffy: GIVE ACE... GIVE ACE... BACK!!! BACK!!!
Magellan: This is your punishment. This is your punishment. After exposure to this much poison, no antidote will save you. After exposure to this much poison, no antidote will save you. You will agonize for 24 hours... You will agonize for 24 hours... and then you will descend to the REAL Hell! and then you will descend to the REAL Hell!
Luffy: Ace...! Ace...!
Narrator: After his defeat by Magellan, Luffy is thrown into Level Five. After his defeat by Magellan, Luffy is thrown into Level Five. Though he knows there is no antidote for Luffy's severe poisoning, Bon Kurei stands up to save his friend. Though he knows there is no antidote for Luffy's severe poisoning, Bon Kurei stands up to save his friend. But a pack of Army-Wolves stand in his way! But a pack of Army-Wolves stand in his way!
