Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! The Straw Hat Pirates have been scattered, and Luffy has infiltrated the world's largest prison, Impel Down, to free his brother Ace, who is being held captive by the Navy. As Buggy and Mister Three attempted to access Level Three, they were captured by Assistant Warden Hannyabal. Meanwhile, Luffy battled with Prison Warden Magellan.
Magellan: This is your punishment. After exposure to this much poison, no antidote will save you. You will agonize for 24 hours, and then you will descend to the REAL Hell!
Jailer: Well done, Warden Magellan. What about the fallen Straw Hat Luffy?
Magellan: He'll die soon enough. Throw him into the central chamber of Level Five.
Jailers: Yes, Sir!
Jailer: W-Warden Magellan! We've got trouble outside the stairway to Level Three!
Magellan: Didn't I tell Hannyabal to guard that spot? What happened?!
Jailer: We don't have the details yet...
Prisoner: Hey... This guy's done for.
Prisoner 2: No way... M-My fingers... I can't feel anything in 'em, either...
Prisoner 3: You've got frostbite, huh?  Then you won't last much longer either.
Prisoner 4: Damn, they're just mocking us. We can't even eat the bread they feed us.
Prisoner: Huh?  Hey, check this out! A new one got thrown down here. Hey, what's your name?
Prisoner 2: How big's your bounty, new guy?
Prisoner: It's too late for this one.
Magellan: What is the meaning of this?! Hannyabal!  How could you let all your troops fall as you stood by?! Wake up, Hannyabal!
Hannyabal: W-Warden!  Please let me go! I-I'm so sorry!  I let my guard down!
Mr. 3: TL Note: Goumon = Torture I don't want to be tortured!
Buggy: TL Note: Koumon = Anus Asses stink! TL Note: Okama = Drag Queen Damn that Okama bastard!
Hannyabal: The culprit was an Okama using Kenpo. I guess you could say he caught us by surprise...
Magellan: Spare me the excuses!
Jailer: The prisoner was a member of Crocodile's organization, Baroque Works. A man who calls himself Mister Two... Uh, I mean, an Okama.
Magellan: Who cares?
Jailer: He was imprisoned on Level Three. It should only be a matter of time before they catch him.
Magellan: What about the commotion on Level Two?
Jailer: It seems to have finally calmed down.
Magellan: Send all the soldiers gathered here up to Level Three! Have Sadi-chan take command and release the Demon Guards! They'll take care of the rest.
Jailer: Very well.  What about these two prisoners?
Magellan: Do whatever you want. Just hurry and clean up this mess.  Get Impel Down back to normal! I will now seclude myself again. Ow...
Jailer: Diarrhea, huh?
Hannyabal: Hey!  You guys, get up, and look for the last escapee!
Jailer: Yes, sir.  Right away!
Jailer 2: Uh... Umm... What do we do with these two?
Hannyabal: Oh, I've got something I wanna ask them. Send them to the interrogation room. I'll handle them myself.
Jailer: Understood. We'll leave you alone then, Assistant Warden.
Hannyabal: Now, let's begin...
Buggy: You saved us!
Mr. 3: W-We managed to avoid torture! Very well, what do we do now?
Hannyabal: Ain't it obvious? We've got to hurry and...
Bon Kurei: save Straw-chan before it's too late!
Buggy: S-Save him? There's no hope for Straw Hat now!
Mr. 3: That's right!  Why would you want to go down there?
Bon Kurei: I don't care if I die like a dog, an Okama or whatever! The second I turned my back on Straw-chan and Magellan, I forfeited my own life! As I ran away, I made a pledge; "Rather than dying in vain here and now, I'll run away, and as long as you survive, I'll come back and save you even if it kills me!"
Buggy: I don't mind you making a pledge or whatever, but why would you go and risk your life again now that you've finally escaped?
Bon Kurei: Because he's my friend!
Buggy and Mr. 3: Your...friend?
Bon Kurei: If we're gonna save Straw-chan, we've gotta do something about the poison first! That's it!  We need an antidote!
Mr. 3: It won't be easy to get something so valuable.
Buggy: And it's probably too late already...
Bon Kurei: SHUT UP! Wait for me!  Please don't die, Straw-chan! What the f-?! Uh, I mean... What do you mean, you can't make an antidote?
Doctor: No one who's fought Warden Magellan and been exposed to his multi-layered poison has survived. We might be able to counteract one of them, but there's no way to cure someone of ALL of his poisons!
Bon Kurei: And you dare to call yourselves medical specialists?! Are you kidding me?! That is, don't try to fool me! It's been decided that we're to hand Straw Hat Luffy over to the Navy alive!
Doctor: If we start applying random antidotes to him, it'll only kill him faster! I'm afraid there's no way to save him...
Buggy: That's why I said we couldn't save Straw Hat!
Mr. 3: There's no antidote for him.
Buggy: Just give up on Straw Hat, and we can escape together!
Mr. 3: That's right... If we stay here too much longer, our bodies will melt away from the heat.
Buggy: Let's be honest.
Mr. 3: It was reckless for him to go up against Magellan in the first place... It'd take a miracle to go up against that guy and live to tell the tale.
Bon Kurei: A miracle? That's it!  Just the person we need is here in Impel Down! The Okama Queen, Iva-san! He's saved people whom doctors deemed incurable... and rescued all the inhabitants of a country on the verge of death! The legendary, ultimate Okama star, Iva-san! We've got to go and find him quickly!
Buggy and Mr. 3: Iva-san... Who's that?
Guard: You're going to Level Five?
Hannyabal: That's right.
Buggy: Why do we have to go to Level Five too?
Mr. 3: There's no other way. Even if we tried, we couldn't go up to Level Three; Magellan's put it under strict surveillance! Right now the safest place we could be is here with the "Assistant Warden".
Buggy: That's true, but HE's the one all obsessed with saving Straw Hat! We don't know how long we'll be safe with him.
Mr. 3: Good point, but we should stay with him for now.
Guard: Keep moving!
Bon Kurei: In any case, we've got no choice but to go! Wait for me, Straw-chan! But this list of prisoners bothers me... What's going on? Emporio Ivankov... Could he have been released already? Or was he sentenced to death? Was this prisoner released?
Guard: Huh?  Oh, Ivankov... A few years ago, he was, you know...
Bon Kurei: What are you talking about?
Guard: Have you forgotten, Assistant Warden?
Bon Kurei: Oh, right.  That.  That thing. I take it you know what he means?  Let's hear it.
Guard: With the prisoners here...?
Bon Kurei: Just say it!
Guard: The disappearances that sometimes happen within Impel Down. It's nothing like an escape. The Demon's Tug. Everyone is afraid of these unnatural disappearances, and because some think they might've been dragged into the world of demons, it has earned the name Demon's Tug.
Mr. 3: People just... Vanish?
Buggy: I wish I hadn't heard that story.
Mr. 3: You can say that again.
Buggy: It's so cold!
Mr. 3: Even through all these clothes we're wearing!
Guard: We're here. Now, as usual, I'll take your things.
Bon Kurei: Huh?  What things?
Guard: Your weapons and your coat.
Bon Kurei: What?
Guard: Man, we really can't compare to you. You keep saying "I'm gonna show the prisoners how tough an Assistant Warden I am", so you go through the Frozen Hell half-naked and unarmed! All of us guards really admire you!
Bon Kurei: Wha-?!
Guard: And of course, we can't have the prisoners walking around in warm clothes...
Buggy and Mr. 3: They took his coat- WHAT?!
Guard 1: Take care, now!
Guard 2: Keep in mind, Snail Phones don't work out in that cold!
Guard 3: Be careful!
All three: What?!
Bon Kurei: Brrr, I say!
Mr. 3: Hurry...and remove my shackles...
Bon Kurei: I...can't control my hands properly in this cold...
Buggy: It's cold!  It's so cold, it hurts!
Bon Kurei: J-Just a little more...! I got them off!
Mr. 3: You did it!
Buggy: 1, 2, 3, 4... Do you k-know why these things aren't up on the Accursed Beasts Floor?
Bon Kurei: No, why?
Mr. 3: I k-k-k-know... It's b-b-because if they were let loose on Level Two, they'd eat the Basilisk, the Sphinx and all the other beasts!
Bon Kurei: They're that strong?!
Buggy: First they take our coats and force us to suffer the cold, and now we've gotta face the Army Wolves?!
Mr. 3: Now I'm quivering even more than before...
Bon Kurei: Then let's get ready to fight 'em off! We're gonna save Straw-chan!
Buggy: I don't wanna get eaten, dammit!
Bon Kurei: You're running away already?! You're strong, just as I'd expect from the Demon Guards of Level Five. But I can't die like a dog, an Okama, or whatever here! Not until I've saved Straw-chan! Why don't I show you the resolve of the Okama?! Okama Kenpo!  Quit play- Damn... I c-can't move a muscle...
Buggy: Didn't I tell you?! There's nothing to be gained from hanging around that guy!
Mr. 3: You've got a point.  This is even worse than before.  Actually, this is the worst situation possible!
Buggy: We've gotta find the exit in a hurry! If we stay in one spot for too long, we'll be found by the Army Wolves!
Mr. 3: F-From Inferno Hell to Frozen Hell... This is unbearable! Still, it's even c-colder here than I-
Buggy: H-Hey!  You c-can't stop moving! S-Still, just running and running all the t-time is really draining my s-strength... How cold IS it down here?!
Mr. 3: You can say that again... Perhaps it's a little less windy over there? Let's go!
Buggy: Wait! Damn... Even with no wind, the cold on my butt is spreading through my whole body... If this keeps up, we'll both turn into popsicles!
Mr. 3: Now it's come down to this...
Buggy: You got any ideas?
Mr. 3: Remember how the two of us formed an alliance to escape this place?
Buggy: Yeah, to combine our strengths...
Mr. 3: Well now we must combine our bodies!
Buggy: Right!  It's the "Let's Cuddle up Together and Keep Each Other Warm" Master-plan!
Both: There you go...
Buggy: Hey, this isn't helping at all, and it's totally disgusting!
Mr. 3: I agree!
Buggy: We've just gotta search for a way out!
Mr. 3: I agree!
Both: WHAT?!
Mr. 3: They followed us!
Buggy: And there's even more of 'em now! If you're gonna eat someone, he's way tastier!
Mr. 3: What're you saying?!
Both: That guy... Tastes better!
Prisoner: We've got one unusual fellow here... They need us to get his time of death or something?
Luffy: It hurts... I wanna go save Ace!
Nyon: It is as futile as a single ant jumping into a storm. You might get cast aside without even a chance of doing anything.
Luffy: A... Ace...
Prisoner: Quit wasting your breath. Your eyes might be failing you, but you can still hear me, right? Just accept your death.
Luffy: NO WAY!  I WON'T DIE! I... Refuse to die...
Prisoner: You wanna save someone else? They got a friend of yours locked up in here or somethin'? Ridiculous.  Here in this prison, you gotta look out for number one.
Prisoner 2: There's nobody gonna save ya... We're all on our own here.
Prisoner: Get thrown into the sea of fire, and you gotta step on other prisoners to get back up. If you meet the beasts, you grab whoever's nearby and use them as bait to protect yourself. Try to help someone else, and you'll end up dead yourself! You're makin' me sick! Hey look, someone's coming.
Prisoner 2: Don't look like surveillance or staff...
Prisoner: What's with that guy?
Prisoner 2: He's naked...
Bon Kurei: Straw-chan... I'm here to save you...! In the name of our friendship...!
Narrator: Bon Kurei wanders Level Five in search of the Okama Queen, Iva-san. However, under constant attack by the Army-Wolves and struggling to withstand the cold of Frozen Hell, his strength wanes, and he collapses. Where, exactly, is this Okama Queen?
