Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! The Straw Hat Pirates have been scattered, and Luffy has broken into the world's largest prison, Impel Down, to free his brother Ace from the Navy.
Magellan: This is your punishment. After exposure to this much poison, no antidote will save you.
Luffy: What are you... doing... to Bon-chan...?! Get away... FROM BON-CHAN!
Narrator: Luffy and Bon Kurei lose consciousness after fighting off the Army-Wolves. But they are saved by a mysterious man calling himself Inazuma, and are taken to...
Ivankov: Vi welcome you... to Impel Down Level Five Point Five, the secret hideout of the prisoners... NEWKAMA LAND!
Bon Kurei: Is that really... Iva-san?!
Ivankov: The tension in here is a bit too much... Vi'm gonna... Collapse... Vi'm gonna... Vi'm gonna... Vi'm gonna be JUST FINE!
Okama: You got me there!
Bon Kurei: Are you really Iva-san?
Ivankov: Ah, so vyou know who Vi am?
Okama: Yeah, that's right!  It's Iva-sama, King of Newkama!
Crowd: Iva-sama!  Iva-sama!
Ivankov: Be silent, Candies! It's just a name.  No need to get so worked up over it. How vyou address vme is of no concern. Just call vme whatever vyou want. Vi wouldn't mind being called "Poop", even! VI DON'T WANT TO BE CALLED "POOP"!
Okama 1: You don't?
Okama 2: You got me there!
Bon Kurei: T-This person is the "Miracle-worker"? The one I've always looked up to?!
Ivankov: VI DON'T WANT TO BE CALLED "POOP"!
Man: Emporio Ivankov! I hear you're the Queen of the Drag Queendom! My dad was a king fifteen years ago, until he set foot in Kamabakka... TL Note: Okama = Drag Queen AND CAME BACK AS AN OKAMA! Because the king was an Okama, our pride and royalty were lost! And I turned from a prince into a pirate! I never expected to get my revenge in here! You're gonna pay for ruining my life!
Ivankov: S-S-Stop it, please! What a dangerous weapon! It's dangerous!  Vi'm telling you, it's too dangerous! Vi'll die!  Vi'll die! If vyou hit me, Vi... Vi... Won't die!
Okama: You won't die?
Okama 2: You got me that time!
Okama: There it is!  Iva-sama's simple flutter of an eye, the Death Wink!
Bon Kurei: H-He repelled the cannonball with just a wink?!
Ivankov: TL Note: Emporio Female Hormone
Man: What did you...?!
?: You... It can't be...?!
Ivankov: So vyour father wanted to become a woman.
?: S-S-Stop it! It-t-t...  It's shrinking!
Ivankov: Two mothers and one daughter. Vi hope vyou'll get along.
?: Nooo!  No, stop it!
Ivankov: A man, a woman... or an Okama... Vyou should just be what vyou want to be, right?! Sex doesn't matter here! Vi, no, vwe are a new race, who do not care about such petty things! The Newkama! This is the garden of freedom, Newkama Land!
Crowd: Iva-sama!  Iva-sama!
Bon Kurei: He turned a man into a woman!
Ivankov: Welcome, to vmy Newkama Land! Overwhelmed with shame... Bon-boy?
Bon Kurei: Miracle-worker, Emporio Ivankov! It's an honor to meet you! I'm so glad to meet you!  Really! Forgive my insolence, but I have a favor to ask!
Ivankov: A favor?
Bon Kurei: My friend was poisoned by Magellan, and I want you to save his life! He's long past being curable, and his death is quickly approaching! I'll do anything for you if you'll just save him!
Ivankov: Are vyou talking about Straw-Hat-boy? Bon-Boy? Do vyou know why Vi treated vyour injuries?
Bon Kurei: Now that you mention it...
Ivankov: Vwe're prisoners. It's because that Straw-Hat-boy vyou mentioned begged that vyour life be spared.
Bon Kurei: Straw-chan did?!
Ivankov: Vi have been watching vyou two on the monitors. Straw-Hat-boy, Vi'm impressed vyou made it this far. Vi can hardly believe how lucky vyou've been.
Luffy: B... B... Bon-chan... Tried to save me... Beaten by the wolves...! Please... Help him...! Please...! He's... My friend...!!
Ivankov: Most people'd never say that sort of thing so close to death themselves. Seems the flowers of friendship can bloom even here, in the prison. If Vi had ignored that request, Vi'd be no better than a demon.
Bon Kurei: Straw-chan!
Ivankov: Straw-Hat-boy's treatment has been going for ten hours now.
Bon Kurei: Really?!
Ivankov: It's an excruciating process, though.
Buggy: To those of you born after the 90s!
Mr. 3: These are bamboo stilts!
Buggy and Mr. 3: You've gotta try this at least once!
Mr. 3: Well technically, as I made them out of wax, these are wax stilts, aren't they? How long are they gonna keep chasing us?! I've had enough of them!
Buggy: It's useless! Just run so fast that they can't catch up!
Mr. 3: Where is the exit?!
Bon Kurei: What's going on in there?! You call this treatment?!
Ivankov: Vhe's been locked inside the cave for the past ten hours, screaming all the while. It'll take another two days before vhis treatment ends.
Bon Kurei: What?!
Ivankov: Ten years of vyour life. Vi will be cutting ten years off vyour lifespan, Straw-Hat-boy.
Luffy: Okay...
Ivankov: However, even using those ten years, Vi cannot guarantee that vyou'll survive. It will only increase vyour odds from zero to two or three percent. Whether or not it's possible for vyou to survive... depends entirely on vyour own will to live. If vyou die, the poison wins. If vyou escape with vyour life, you win! Have a nice journey to the brink of death. TL Note: Emporio Healing Hormone
Bon Kurei: T-Ten hours?! You've been screaming out in pain like this, for the past ten hours, Straw-chan?!
Ivankov: Spirit and hormones. These make up a body's vital forces. Vi have pushed the power of Straw-Hat boy's immune system beyond the normal limit, to rebuild his body into one able to withstand the poison. His insides are currently breaking down and rebuilding themselves rapidly, over and over again. If his pained screaming stops, it will mean the treatment has claimed his life. If vyou're worried, vyou can go have a look at him.
Bon Kurei: Where is it... Where? Straw-ch-? He's gonna die! His body is all battered... It's gon' break him... And tear him... He's al'eady dead!  I'th horri'le! Help him!  Please, save Straw-chan! Remove the chains and stop his bleeding! Please do something... Anything...!
Ivankov: Silence! Vi'm already trying to save him! Don't vyou underestimate life! Do vyou understand what it means to fight against death when already destined to die?! Vi am no God or Buddha. A miracle-worker? Vi've never saved anyone foolish enough to depend on someone else for everything. Even those countries on the verge of destruction, lacking the strength to survive... Miracles only occur for those with the determination to never stop trying! Don't underestimate miracles!
Luffy: Ace...!
Narrator: Luffy fights with the poison treatment on his own. The chance of survival is so low, surviving the treatment would be a miracle. Bon Kurei, believing in his friend, continues to cheer for him to survive. And then, the time of Ace's execution finally arrives!
