Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! The Straw Hat Pirates have been scattered, and Luffy has broken into the world's largest prison, Impel Down, to free his brother Ace, who is being held captive by the Navy. Meanwhile, Bon Kurei is rescued by Ivankov from Newkama Land... and learns that Luffy's treatment has already begun.
Ivankov: Don't underestimate miracles!
Bon Kurei: M-Miracles?
Ivankov: That's right. However, Straw-Hat-boy will need one hell of a miracle to survive this.
Bon Kurei: I'll bet it all on Straw-chan's will to live! I mean, this is Straw-chan after all.
Ivankov: Well, vwe're not helping by standing here. TL Note: Horu = Short for "Hormone" So in short, Vi ate the Horu Horu Fruit.  Vi'm a hormone-altering man. Sex, temperature, skin-color, height, and tension. Vi'm an engineer of the human body who can alter the genes. Vyou have the scent of a Newkama, but... The Candies here have overcome the barriers of sex. The men may have been women, ...or for all vyou know, the women were once men. It's a miracle. Indeed, an unbelievable miracle!
Bon Kurei: I get it! You used those hormones earlier to turn that guy into a woman. But, look at this place. I just can't believe it's a prison! This has GOT to be a dream!
Ivankov: It's no dream!  It's the land of dreams! All the Candies here were lost prisoners. They all came here by pure luck. There are entrances to Newkama Land on every floor. In the forest of blood-stained needles... in the den of the beasts... in the scorching hellfire... and among the piles of corpses. Vwe can get all vwe need by taking those routes. The jailers haven't noticed a thing. After all, who'd think such a paradise could be hidden in Hell? All information from the outside world is available to vus. Vwe have a Snail Monitor down here, just like the ones in the monitor rooms. Vwe know everything that goes on in the prison that way. And vwe snatch newspapers from the trash cans, so vwe're all up to date on the outside world. Vyour little uproar led by Straw-Hat-boy, the first intruder in this prison's history, It was really fascinating.
Bon Kurei: Where are we, anyway?
Ivankov: It wasn't here at first. Long ago, there was a prisoner who'd eaten a burrowing Devil Fruit. Vi hear that this Candy was the first to start working on this prisoners' paradise. This place is like an anthill carved into an enormous rock. If vyou want to know which floor it is, it's right between Levels Five and Six.
Bon Kurei: Hey, wait a second!  Level Six?! That floor exists?!
Ivankov: Yeah, though most people don't know it, it does exist. Those who are sentenced to life or condemned to death. Level Six, Eternal Hell. The brutality of these prisoners forces the government to conceal its very existence. Then again, they hide anything that's inconvenient for them. For instance, vyou guys tore through the prison all the way down to Level Four, but if vyou had come a bit sooner, Vi don't think vyou'd have made it as far. Because there used to be another great power in this prison. The Head Jailer of Impel Down, Shiryuu of the Rain. His power equaled that of Warden Magellan, and considering how little time Magellan actually spends doing his job,
Bon Kurei: Equal to Magellan...?!
Ivankov: Impel Down prided itself in being impenetrable because of those two.
Bon Kurei: The Head Jailer... Shiryuu of the Rain?!
Magellan: Shiryuu!  What are you doing?!
Shiryuu: Whaddaya mean "What"?
Magellan: The prisoners aren't here for your entertainment, Shiryuu!
Shiryuu: As if ripping up this trash inconveniences anyone!
Magellan: I can't overlook your behavior any longer. If word of your actions were to leak outside, By my authority as Warden, I hereby place you under arrest!
Ivankov: He slaughtered so many prisoners on mere whim... that he was deemed a threat and is now restrained on Level Six.
Bon Kurei: I've never heard anything about that! Even if it happened before I was put in here...
Ivankov: The most fearsome woman in the history of piracy, Katarina Devon, the Giant Battleship, San Juan Wolf, All of them, pirates whose names send shivers down the spine... Felons, whose crimes were so severe that the newspapers wouldn't even mention them, reside in Level Six. Vyour old boss is there too. He was quite insane himself.
Bon Kurei: Huh?  Zero-chan?  Crocodile?!
Ivankov: Straw-Hat-boy and vyour organization were enemies in Alabasta, weren't vyou? Quite a fascinating relationship, vyou two have.
Bon Kurei: Allegiances mean nothing in a friendship!
Ivankov: That's true. And there's also Jinbei, Knight of the Sea and one of the Seven Warlords. And then there's the one that Straw-Hat-boy is trying to save, right? Captain of the Whitebeard Pirates' Second Division, Portgas D. Ace. Vi heard through the prison communications that they're apparently brothers.
Bon Kurei: Yeah.  Straw-chan came all the way down here to rescue that guy.
Ivankov: Just getting to the prison and breaking in was practically an act of God. But now, he's gonna have to give up on all that. His own life must come first, after all. It's past midnight now, Vi assume he'll be taken to Navy HQ in the morning... In another, let's see, Straw-Hat-boy's treatment will still take another two days. Even if he manages to survive, it'll take vhim another three days of sleep to recover his strength. By the time he wakes up, it'll all be over.
Bon Kurei: More importantly, will Straw-chan even be able to survive two days in his state?!
Ivankov: They normally don't survive.  It's a miracle if they do, didn't Vi tell vyou? Vyou need to rest, too. Get something to eat and go to sleep. Vi'll take vyou to a quiet room.
Bon Kurei: I'll be outside Straw-chan's room!
Okama: Hey, drop it!  He's...
Okama 2: I don't think he's got much of a chance.
Okama 3: What can you possibly do?
Bon Kurei: S-Straw-chan...! HANG IN THERE! HANG IN THERE!  HANG IN THERE! STRAW-CHWAN!
Okama: I wonder what he's doing...
Okama 2: There's nothing to do but wait...
Bon Kurei: HANG IN THERE! HANG IN THERE, STRAW-CHAN! HANG IN THERE! H-HANG IN THERE! HANG IN THERE!
Okama: He's been doing that this whole time?
Bon Kurei: Hang in there!
Okama 2: What an idiot. That won't help at all.
Okama 3: No kidding.  Just leave him alone.
Bon Kurei: H-Hang in...! H-HANG IN THERE!
Sadi: Why aren't you able to find... TL Note: Okama = Drag Queen one single Okama?! Search the place one more time!
Okama: He's still not back...
Okama 2: I wonder if he's still at it?
Okama 3: He must've given up and gone to bed by now.
Okama: I'm gonna take a look!
Okama 2: Me too.
Okama 3: And me!
Okama: I can't hear anyone other than Straw Hat...
Okama 2: See?  Just like I said. He's already given up...
Bon Kurei: H-Hang in there! Hang in there... Hang in... There...!
Okama: He's still going on with that waste of time!
Bon Kurei: H-Hang in...! S-Straw-ch...! S-Straw-ch...!
Okama: He's...!
Okama 2: Hey!  Pull yourself together!
Okama 3: This is no time to worry about Straw Hat!
Okama 2: We've gotta get help!
Ivankov: Stop vyour pointless worrying! Let vhim do this however he wants!
Okama: But...
Ivankov: Bon-boy here is fighting his pain together with Straw-Hat-boy. Even though the chances are slim,
Bon Kurei: S-Straw-chan...!
Ivankov: They're both way past their limits. ...they're trying to make a miracle happen!
Bon Kurei: Straw chan, for over ten hours, has been fighting against fate and defying death...! I... I...! I... I can't give up, either! H-Hang in there! Hang in there! Hang in there, Straw-chan! Straw-chan!  Live!
Okama: Hang in there! Hang in there, Straw-chan! Hang in there! Hang in there, Straw-chan!
Prison-staff: Warden! We just received a message from the Level Five kitchen staff! Straw Hat Luffy... ...has disappeared!
Magellan: What?!
Jailer: A-Assistant Warden Hannyabal!
Jailer 2: What are you doing here?! Hang in there, Straw-chan!
Jinbei: Ace-san... Wouldn't it be better to just assume she was lying?
Ace: You're saying she came all the way down here just to lie to me?! No, sorry... But you know, Jinbei... That's just the kind of brother he is... He just keeps doing these reckless things! He's been making me worry about him ever since we were kids, that idiot!
Guard: Today's the day, huh?
Guard 2: I hope there won't be trouble...
Guard: I wouldn't want a war to break out in Impel Down!
Guard 2: Warden Magellan should be here soon.
Okama: It's... It's blood!
Bon Kurei: I can't hear him...
Ivankov: There's no way he'd stop screaming during his treatment. If he falls silent before the end... Too bad. However, vyou fought well for 20 hours.
Bon Kurei: Straw-chan!
Luffy: FOOD !!!
Bon Kurei: S-STRAW-CHAN!!!
Ivankov: Straw-Hat-boy! N-No way! What's going on?! It hasn't even been a day yet!
Domino: Warden.  Warden Magellan! Good morning.
Magellan: I've got diarrhea.
Domino: Then hurry up.
Okama: Bring the food!  Quickly! No matter if it's raw, just get as much as possible! Hurry!  Place it by the door! Amazing... He's sucking it in like an antlion pit!
Okama 2: How long is he gonna keep eating?
Okama 3: He's been going like this for 30 minutes!
Okama: He's eaten several days of Kama Land's food supply...
Ivankov: That's quite the impressive vitality!
Okama: He's coming out! What is that creature? That thing's not human!
Luffy: I'M... BACK!!!
Narrator: Luffy has miraculously recovered thanks to Ivankov's treatment... and now intends to save Ace on his own. As soon as Iva-san learns that Luffy is the son of the revolutionary, Dragon, he decides to lend Luffy his strength.
