Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! In their efforts to escape, Buggy and Mister Three finally made it up to Level Four, while Luffy, on the verge of death, was injected with Ivankov's "Healing Hormones", shaving ten years from his lifespan to keep him alive.
Luffy: FOOD!!! I'M... BACK!!!
Crowd: HE ABSORBED ALL THAT ENERGY?!
Okama: You're unbelievable! You ain't human! He beat the poisoning in only 20 hours!
Okama 2: It's an unbelievable miracle!
Ivankov: A miracle... This is more than a miracle!
Crowd: Hooray!
Bon Kurei: Thank God...
Luffy: Bon-chan! You're alright after all.
Bon Kurei: Stupid!  Quit joking around! I'm the one who ought to be saying...
Luffy: Bon-chan!  Hey! You okay?  Hang in there! What's wrong?  Hey!
Ivankov: He's just overexerted himself.
Luffy: Oh, Iva-chan... We survived!  Thanks a lot for everything you've done for us.
Ivankov: It's this Mister Two Bon-boy vyou should be thanking. Vi just used vmy abilities and lent vyou some strength. But he... He kept on shouting for hours on end... Until his throat was dry and he was coughing up blood... He stayed here all along, sharing vyour pain... Constantly shouting for vyou to hang in there and live on! Vi'm pretty sure he made at least some difference in vyour struggle to survive.
Luffy: I see...
Prisoner: What's with that guy?
Prisoner 2: He's naked...
Bon Kurei: Straw-chan... I'm here to save you...! In the name of our friendship...!
Prisoner: What's with this guy? He's covered in blood.
Bon Kurei: Back there, I... I'm so sorry I ran away!
Prisoner: This guy... You're...
Bon Kurei: His friend! Straw-chan, I won't let you die!
Luffy: Bon-chan, thanks a lot. I owe you one!
Inazuma: Here's your hat and some clothes. You won't make a full recovery until you've rested a few days.
Luffy: I don't have time for that! Sorry, but can you guys take care of Bon-chan? I'll come back for him later.
Okama: Hey, hey!
Okama 2: See?  You're completely worn out.
Luffy: The paper is still pointing down. Ace is down there... Come to think of it, where are we?
Okama: What's that?
Ivankov: Isn't that a Vivre Card? This is the space between Levels Five and Six. Now that vyou've recovered, Well, it's none of vmy business what vyou do with vyour life...
Luffy: Iva-chan, aren't you gonna escape? I mean, Bon-chan came down here hoping to save your ass, y'know?
Crowd: His ass?!
Ivankov: What are vyou saying? So that's how it is, huh? Well isn't that cute... It's the thought that counts, Vi guess... But it's not the time for vme to break out just yet! Vi understand the balance of power in the world. The Navy and the Whitebeard Pirates are both trying to shift the world in their favor... But "that man" has yet to make his move. The man who oversees all the revolutionaries in the world... Vmy companion... The revolutionary, Dragon!
Luffy: Ah, you mean dad?
Ivankov: That's right. As soon as vyour dad rallies his troops and makes his move... Vi shall once again return to the surface and throw vmyself into the flow of the world. Even if Vi were to try and escape right now, Vyour d-d-d-d- DAD?!
Crowd: DID HE SAY "DAD"?!
Ivankov: Dragon is... vyour dad?! V-V-Vyou've got to be kidding vme!
Luffy: Ah... I wasn't supposed to tell anyone... Well, whatever.  Gramps told me...
Garp: Your father's name is... Monkey D. Dragon.
Luffy: I don't really know him myself... To be honest, I don't even know what he looks like.
Ivankov: If he doesn't know, that just makes it all the more convincing! He doesn't look like a liar, and he's made a huge impact on the pirate world! And he just demonstrated a will to live that defies common sense! He's not normal! Where is vyour hometown?
Luffy: In East Blue.
Ivankov: Dragon... When vyou're standing out here in the wind,
Dragon: Really? You notice the strangest things, don't you? I've never really thought about it.
Ivankov: Then maybe it's an animal-like homing instinct? Isn't vyour hometown somewhere off in that direction? Do vyou have some family vyou long for back in the eastern seas? Well?
Dragon: Stop enquiring about my personal history, Iva.
Ivankov: Pardon vme. If that's true... Inazuma!  Go find out when Ace-boy is being taken to his execution.
Inazuma: Right away.
Ivankov: It'll be a race against time. then he hasn't been taken away yet. Vi will be heading to Level Six alongside Straw-Hat-boy here.
Luffy: You're gonna show me the way? But... Level Six? I thought it was Level Five... Well, whatever.  I'm counting on you.  Let's go!
Ivankov: Vi was careless! That would mean Straw-Hat-boy's brother, Ace, is also Dragon's son! Could the Navy be doing this intentionally? No, Vi can see no advantage for the Government in angering both Whitebeard and Dragon! What is the Government thinking?! In any case, now is the time to break out of here!
Luffy: Well then, Bon-chan.  I'll come pick you up later, okay?
Ivankov: Straw-Hat-boy! In the future, vyou must not let slip such information about vyour origins!
Luffy: Yeah, you're probably right...
Ivankov: Vi am vyour father's companion. One of the leaders of the revolutionary army. That's the reason Vi was locked away here. Vi might be acting of vmy own accord, but Vi have a duty to support vyou! Vi will not let a friend's son die while Vi'm around to see it! Give the message to all inhabitants of Newkama Land! Vwe will hereby attempt to save Ace-boy and break out of Impel Down!
Okama: What?!  All of a sudden?!
Ivankov: Important decisions are always made suddenly! Those who want to come along, prepare vyourselves for the worst and gather here, ready to fight!
Okama: Right!  Let's go! It's time for the Newkama to set out on another journey!
Luffy: Right!  Wait for me, Ace! I'll be right there!
Ivankov: His pulse... His pulse... is still there!
Crowd: It is?!
Ivankov: Still, he's just lost several years of his life in exchange for vmy treatment. Vyou can't see it, but his body is exhausted. It's adrenaline. Vyou'll be able to ignore vyour fatigue for one day. Vyou'll suffer some major aftereffects in exchange for it, but Vi assume vyou don't mind?
Guard: Assistant Warden, the Warden will get mad at you if you just take his seat like that.
Guard 2: We'll report this to the Warden later.
Hannyabal: You guys're mean. Mister Two, Mister Three and Buggy the Clown... You're sure these three entered Level Five, right?
Guard: Yes.  Their disguise was flawless. Still, the only thing we found on Level Five was a blood-stained headdress. We assume that, after Straw Hat was let out of his cage, the four of them were eaten by wolves.
Hannyabal: I see. I didn't think I'd have to wear this specially-made headdress before I became Warden... I haven't even gotten rid of Magellan yet!
Guard: You're giving away your motives!
Guard 2: If they manage to break out again, you and the Warden might both lose your jobs.
Hannyabal: They'll take MY job too?!
Guards: Of course they will.
Mr. 3: We're almost to the stairway to Level Three!
Buggy: Level Four is a piece of cake! There's hardly any guards around, so it's easy to escape! Let's do this flashily! What're you stopping for, all of a sudden?
Mr. 3: Wait a second... It's a Surveillance Snail-Phone. If that thing spots us, all our efforts will have been in vain!
Buggy: You're a life-saver, partner!
Mr. 3: We must proceed with great care.
Buggy: What the hell is this?!
Mr. 3: My eyes are itchy... This smell... It's from Magellan! Some of the gas he used in his battle against Straw Hat is still floating around in the air! Oh, no!
Buggy: They'll see us!
Both: We're saved...
Domino: You're late.
Magellan: You're so harsh, Domino.
Domino: Please finish up sooner next time.
Magellan: Don't be so unreasonable... Here it comes again!
Domino: Hold it in.
Magellan: No way...!
Domino: We are to hand over the prisoner at the main entrance at exactly 9 AM. That is our mission. If we cannot complete it, it will tarnish the reputation of Impel Down.
Vice-Admiral: You got it? From the moment we take Portgas D. Ace into custody... Until the moment we've reached Marineford and handed the prisoner over... You are not permitted to drop your guard, even for a second!
Marines: Yes, Sir!
Vice-Admiral: Prepare for the worst. It's the duty of our five Navy Vice-Admirals and warships to escort the prisoner without any breach of security! I will not accept any mistakes!
Marines: Yes, Sir!
Luffy: Oh wow, I'm overflowing with energy!
Inazuma: Let us hurry.
Ivankov: No one is watching us here, so as long as vwe don't waste time sneaking around, vwe'll get there very fast! Keep moving as fast as vyou can!
Prisoner: What's that? Who're those guys running by?
Prisoner 2: He's... Is that the same Ivankov who's supposed to be dead?!
Prisoner 3: No way!
Luffy: MOVE IT! DON'T GET IN OUR WAY!
Ivankov: Inazuma!  The keys!
Inazuma: Yes! There are surveillance cameras past this point.
Luffy: If they're gonna come for us, then let 'em come!
Surveillance staff: Suspicious figures spotted! Someone is running down the hallway between Levels Five and Six! That man...! He's the Okama Queen who vanished a few years back, Ivankov! What's going on?! Where has he been all these years?!
Surveillance staff 2: The guy next to him is the one who broke in yesterday, Straw Hat Luffy! I thought the Warden's poison killed him!
Surveillance staff: And there's another prisoner we thought had vanished! The revolutionary from South Blue, Inazuma!
Surveillance staff 3: What's going on?!
Surveillance staff 4: They're heading straight for Level Six!
Surveillance staff 5: They're after Fire Fist Ace after all?!
Surveillance staff: Domino-san and Warden Magellan are going to Level Six right now! At this rate, they'll run right into each other!
Hannyabal: They're still alive?
Surveillance staff: Assistant Warden!
Hannyabal: Activate the traps in the corridor! Have the guards on Level Six prepare for battle! Make sure they'll hold out until Sadi-chan and the Demon Guards get there! Also, contact Warden Magellan and alert all Floors! Don't just stand there!  Hurry up!
Staff: Yes, Sir!
Surveillance staff: The Assistant Warden is taking this seriously all of a sudden?! Could he be an impostor?!
Hannyabal: We must capture them at all costs! They're not cutting my head off!
Surveillance staff: He's real.
Luffy: Make it!  Make it! I'm coming now, Ace!
Magellan: Well, then. Portgas D. Ace... You will now be taken to the city where your execution is to take place, Marineford!
Narrator: Time left before Ace's execution... 6 hours. Luffy finally reaches the lowest level of Impel Down, Level Six. However, Ace has already been carried off, and the cage is empty. Luffy attempts to follow Ace but is held up by Hannyabal's traps!
