Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! The Straw Hat Pirates have been scattered. Luffy has broken into the world's largest prison, Impel Down, to free his brother Ace, who is being held captive by the Navy. While Buggy and Mister Three have managed to escape from Level Four, Luffy was on the verge of death... in the paradise for missing prisoners, but he has undergone a miraculous recovery thanks to the healing powers of Ivankov, the Queen of Newkama Land.
Ivankov: Vi understand the balance of power in the world. The Navy and the Whitebeard Pirates are both trying to shift the world in their favor... But "that man" has yet to make his move. The man who oversees all the revolutionaries in the world... Vmy companion... The revolutionary, Dragon!
Luffy: Ah, you mean dad?
Ivankov: Dragon is... vyour dad?!
Narrator: After learning that Luffy is Dragon's son, Ivankov decides to join him and help rescue Ace.
Ivankov: If the Vivre Card is pointing down, then he hasn't been taken away yet.
Magellan: Well, then. Portgas D. Ace... You will now be taken to the city where your execution will be held, Marineford!
Luffy: Ace!!
Guard: Hurry up! We're gonna stop them right here! Here he comes...
Luffy: Move it, get out of the way!
Guard: Take aim! Damn it! Now's the time!
Ivankov: Quite an annoying trap!
Inazuma: Let's keep moving.
Ivankov: Oh... good idea...
Guard: W-What do you want?
Ivankov: Hey vyou... Come with vme for a minute. It's okay.  Vi won't do anything bad to you.
Inazuma: Let's go!  We don't have even a second to spare.
Guard: Don't hesitate!  Get them!
Luffy: You're in the way!
Guard: The traps had no effect. All guards were eliminated. Straw-Hat Luffy... Okama Queen Ivankov... Revolutionary Inazuma... These three criminals are now entering Level Six!
Luffy: Ace!!
Inazuma: So this is Level Six...
Ivankov: This is the place where the most legendary criminals are held, Eternal Hell.
Luffy: Where are you, Ace?! I'm here to save you!! Ace?!  Where are you?! Ace!!
Ivankov: Just shouting into the void won't get you anywhere! Would vyou be so kind as to tell us? The place where he's kept...
Guard: Never!
Ivankov: Oh, what a dilemma. Vyou have to be a more honest individual!
Guard: W-What are you going to do...?
Ivankov: TL Note: Emporio Female Hormone
Guard: W-What the?
Luffy: Wow!  He turned into a woman!
Ivankov: So?  How does it feel to have been awakened to vyour true self?
Guard: What...
Ivankov: Vyou have been reborn. Vyou are no longer a guard, but a Newkama!
Guard: Oh, how beautiful! Thank you very much, Iva-sama! I've realized who I really am!
Ivankov: Oh no, don't thank vme. More importantly...
Luffy: Where's Ace?!
Guard: He's that way!
Luffy: Ace!! Is this it?! Ace! He's not here!
Ivankov: Are vyou sure this is the right cage?
Guard: There's no doubt about it! I wouldn't...
Inazuma: It seems we were one step behind.
Jinbei: A straw hat... This man... It has to be!
Ace: She said...
Jinbei: He's really here! To break into the impenetrable Impel Down... and come all the way down to Level Six, he is really... Hey, are you Straw-Hat Luffy?
Luffy: Yeah.
Jinbei: They've just taken him.  Chase after them! Ace-san was being escorted to the lift! GO!  You can still make it if you hurry!
Luffy: Old dude... Who're you?
Ivankov: He is another of the big shots!
Luffy: Right, I got it! Thanks!  Whoever you are!
Jinbei: I can't believe it... One or two lives shouldn't be enough to get a man down here! Did he really pass through all Five Hells?!
Ace: That's the kind of brother he is! He's always doing stupid things like that! Since we were kids he's always made me worry, that idiot!
Inazuma: They must have used this to reach the upper floors. They've left the gate open for the lift!
Luffy: Alright!
Ivankov: The mechanisms are locked; it's useless!
Luffy: We can't use it?! But if we climb this we can probably make it up-
Hannyabal: Do it!
Guard: Yes, sir!
Luffy: T-that was close!
Ivankov: It's to be expected. The lift is useless! They're watching vour every move. Let's use the stairs vwe came down!
Hannyabal: Think you can get away?!
Luffy: Hey... They blocked the stairs.
Ivankov: They're trying to close us in. If vwe can't break this, there's no way out!
Luffy: Alright!
Inazuma: It's a massive gas cloud! Don't tell me its poisonous?!
Prisoner: More poison gas?! Hey, you guys.
Ivankov: Silence, you "Level Sixers"!
Luffy: I don't care if it's poison or whatever!
Inazuma: Wait! It must be sleeping gas!
Ivankov: There's a limit to recklessness, Straw-Hat-boy!
Prisoner: Stop screwing around, seriously... Don't come this way!
Inazuma: They're going to put everyone on this floor to sleep... and then finish us off.
Guard: Assistant Warden Level Six is now sealed! The sleeping gas is powerful.
Hannyabal: Just to be safe, keep all armed guards on standby. Did you report to Warden Magellan yet?
Guard: Just now, sir!
Hannyabal: Good. And with this, it seems I've managed to secure my job! Now all I have to do is push the responsibility for this mess onto Magellan, and... I can finally become Warden!
Guard: But the microphone's still on...
Hannyabal: What did you say?!
Magellan: How unfortunate for you. I've been informed Straw-Hat arrived on Level Six not long after we left.
Ace: L-Luffy!
Ivankov: There are no other ways out!
Magellan: The emergency sleeping gas was released a few moments ago. Straw Hat's capture is only a matter of time now. It seems the Freezing Hell wasn't enough for him. Fortunately, your cell is now available, and we can inflict our ultimate torture on him down in Level Six.
Ace: Luffy...
Guard: Don't stop!
Ace: You!
Magellan: Stop this futile resistance!
Ace: Luffy!!
Magellan: Your brother is also a pirate by nature. There's no path to salvation for him.
Ace: I wanted it to be a lie! Why did you come, Luffy?!
Magellan: At any rate, no matter how great a Will, that amount of poison will always be fatal. How did you survive it... Straw Hat?!
Buggy: We've made it back to Level Three! And we're still only halfway out...?
Mr. 3: The only reason we got down so fast was that we kept falling by accident
Buggy: I can't walk another step. My throat's dry...
Mr. 3: Wh-Whoa!
Buggy: Let me rest a little! What the hell are you- Hello!
Sphinx: Gnocchi!
Buggy: That thing's still here?!
Sphinx: Penne! Egg soba!
Buggy/Mr. 3: We've gotta endure it!
Sphinx: Tofu soba! Curried Udon!
Buggy/Mr. 3: Udon now?!
Prisoner: Hey, do something! The floor will be filled with gas! Save me...! What's with that guy?! He's cutting the floor as if it was a piece of cloth! What?  Now he's folding it like paper. He used the folded floor to seal off the gas... That guy's good...
Ivankov: TL Note: Choki Choki = cutting/snipping sound Inazuma ate the Choki Choki Fruit and has become a scissor-man. He can manipulate anything he cuts as if it were paper.
Luffy: What, he can?
Ivankov: Don't sleep! I'm also trying vmy best to endure the gas, but... But... But I'm not tired!
Luffy: You're not tired?!
Inazuma: He's awake.
Luffy: Hey, I wanna keep moving. Crab-chan!  We can't catch up to Ace now that you've closed off the stairs!
Inazuma: Sealing the stairs was the only way to stop the gas.
Inazume: It'll be impossible to rescue him if you're unconscious.
Luffy: I'm gonna save him even if I'm unconscious! Do you realize Ace is going to be executed?!
Inazuma: Don't be too rash though.
Inazume: The enemy's plan was simple, but we fell for it.
Inazuma: Now we're all stuck here on Level Six. In this situation, there's no way to escape.
Ivankov: It's a shame, now all vwe can do is this! Cut off their connection. If vyou think logically, vwe just can't make it in time. Ace-boy will have already been escorted to the meeting place. We, on the other hand, have to deal with all the enemies standing in our way. The military convoy is quite fast. Observe the Vivre Card. It's not pointing directly up, is it? He's probably being handed over to the Navy as we speak.
Vice Admiral: Just on time, as agreed.
Magellan: I hereby transfer custody of the notorious criminal Portgas D. Ace to the Navy.
Ace: Here.
Luffy: Oh, what?  A scrap of paper?
Ace: Yes.  That paper will allow you and I to meet once again.
Luffy: Really...
Ace: Don't want it?
Luffy: No, I'll take it.
Ace: Luffy...
Ivankov: Right now vwe need to change our attitude. Vi will do everything in vmy power to help vyou escape this prison safely. Ace-boy will most certainly be handed over to Navy Headquarters. Vyou'll have to give up on him. In fact, all we can do after that is trust in Whitebeard. He's not the kind of man who would discard his own men! He'll act in one way or another...
Luffy: I'm going too.
Ivankov: Huh?
Luffy: I'm going to Navy Headquarters!
Ivankov: Are vyou stupid?! This is a battle between the world's greatest powers! What can vyou do if you go there? Do vyou realize Whitebeard's true strength?! Do vyou realize the Navy's true strength in it's admirals, vice-admirals, and Warlords?! Did vyou forget that vyou fought Magellan one on one and almost died?! How many lives do you think you have to spare?! What is it...
Luffy: If I give up now, I'll regret it forever!
Ivankov: This feeling... It's the exact same feeling I get when looking at Dragon!
Inazuma: Before all that, we can't even escape from this floor!
Crocodile: If you wanna escape from here, set me free. I can open a hole in the ceiling. So how about it?
Luffy: You...! You're a prisoner here?! Crocodile!
Crocodile: Long time no see! Straw Hat!
Narrator: Teaming up with Crocodile and Jinbei, Luffy and the others plan their escape. Meanwhile, their actions are noticed by Hannyabal, who is determined to settle this for his own personal gain, so he sets his eyes on Level Four. The final showdown between the Straw Hat team and Impel Down will now begin!
