Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! The Straw Hat Pirates have been scattered, and Luffy has broken into the world's largest prison, Impel Down, to free his brother Ace, who is being held captive by the Navy. Luffy has made it to Level Six together with the queen of Newkama Land, Ivankov, but Ace is nowhere to be found.
Magellan: Stop this futile resistance!
Ace: LUFFY!!
Magellan: Your brother is also a pirate by nature. There's no path to salvation for him.
Ace: I wanted it to be a lie! Why did you come, Luffy?!
Inazuma: The enemy's plan was simple, but we fell for it. Now we're all stuck here on Level Six. In this situation, there's no way to escape.
Ivankov: Ace-boy will most certainly be handed over to Navy HQ. Vyou'll just have to give up on him. In fact, vwe'll just have to believe in Whitebeard now. He's not the type to abandon his own men! He'll act in one way or another...
Luffy: I'm going too. I'm going to Navy HQ! If I give up now, I'll regret it forever!
Inazuma: Before all that, we've got to escape from this floor!
Crocodile: If you wanna escape from here, set me free. I can open a hole in the ceiling. So how about it?
Luffy: Crocodile!
Crocodile: Long time no see... Straw Hat! I'd been thinking that even if I were on the outside, there'd be nothing going on to interest me. But now I hear the Whitebeard Pirates and the Navy are going to war? I never thought I'd get the chance to take that old man's head. I'm interested in this war. With my powers, we can all escape from here. It's not a bad deal, is it? We've both got something to gain from it.
Luffy: Get real! You're the one who messed up Vivi's country...
Crocodile: That's all in the past.
Ivankov: Let's release him, Straw-Hat-boy. He would certainly make a powerful ally.
Luffy: Iva-chan!  That guy's...
Ivankov: Vyou're not stopping here.
Crocodile: Ivankov...!
Ivankov: Long time no see, Croco-boy.
Luffy: What?  You know him?
Ivankov: Vwe've met... Back when he was still a rookie. It'll be alright. Even if he were to try to betray vus, Vi can hold him back. Vi can't completely trust him, but... Vi've got a firm grasp on this guy's weakness.
Crocodile: Hey, if you say anything uncalled for...!
Ivankov: Oh my, do vyou really think it's a good idea to give vme that tone? Vi don't mind telling everyone right now... About vyour past, that is. As long as vyou're a good boy and help us out, Vi won't say a thing.
Crocodile: Why, you...!
Prisoner 1: What the hell?  In that case, release me too!
Prisoner 2: Me too! I've got a grudge against that Whitebeard!
Prisoner 3: Release me too!
Ivankov: Silence!
Jinbei: I beg of you! Please, take me with you! I'll definitely be able to help you! I've known Ace-san ever since he joined the Whitebeard Pirates! He's told me everything about you, his little brother! I'm here because I was opposed to this war! I wish to save Ace-san! Please!  Let me choose the place of my death!
Ivankov: He's another of the big shots. Vi never would have imagined there'd be a connection like that... between the Warlord Jinbei, Knight of the Sea, and Portgas D. Ace, commander of Whitebeard's second division.
Luffy: Sure.
Inazuma: Hey, is that really okay?!
Luffy: It's fine.  Let him out.
Jinbei: I am most grateful.
Prisoner 1: Hey!  I'm just as grateful as he is!
Prisoner 2: I'm begging you!
Ivankov: Silence!
Inazuma: I'd never have thought we'd be bringing two Warlords along...
Luffy: Two?  Who's the other one?
Jinbei: I'm grateful to you.
Crocodile: Even if you were able to prevent the war between Whitebeard and the Navy... it wouldn't matter in the long run. One way or another, I will definitely take that old man's head.
Jinbei: I won't let you lay a hand on old Whitebeard, Crocodile!
Crocodile: In that case, maybe I should just kill you now?
Ivankov: Croco-boy!  Vyour past, remember? Well then.  There's no time to waste. Vwe're gonna force our way out of this prison!
Surveillance staff: Straw Hat, Ivankov and Inazuma all have Devil Fruit powers! Don't forget to bring your prison bullets!
Guard: We've arrived at Level Six!
Surveillance staff: Charge!
Guard: What's this stone structure?
Guard 2: N-No way! Are they still here?!  Find them!
Shiryuu: You seriously think anyone would open a hole like that and not run?  Idiot.
Guard: H-Head Jailer Shiryuu!
Shiryuu: See that, you worms?  When I'm not around, you can't do anything. You've been doing a pretty damn lousy job here. This is a horrible incident. A shame to Impel Down. Those three guys you're looking for freed Crocodile and Jinbei... before going up to Level Five through that hole. Relay this message to Magellan at once: I'll lend him a hand.
Guard: Well...
Hannyabal: W-What?! Crocodile and Jinbei?!
Guard: Yes!  They're not in their cells!
Hannyabal: S-So what you're saying is that, even though I had them sealed up inside Level Six, they've managed to escape?! There are five of them now, and they're all on Level Five?!
Guard: That's how it is!
Hannyabal: Do you think I'm responsible for this?
Guard: Warden Magellan is handing over Portgas D. Ace right now, so you'll probably have to take full responsibility.
Hannyabal: Full Responsibility?! Right! I shall fight them as well! Send all troops to Level Four! Sadi-chan!  Saldeath! Take all your men with you and head for Level Four! This will be an attempt to become Warden with your lives on the line! Ah, I got it wrong!  This will be a battle with your lives on the line!
Ivankov: Are vyou ready, Bon-boy?
Bon Kurei: I... I'm ready, Iva-san!
Ivankov: Are you sure? After that, there'll be some major side-effects.
Bon Kurei: Sure.  Inject me with them... Or rather, if you don't inject me with them, I can't move at all...
Ivankov: Vi see.  Vi guess that's true. Vyou got vme there. Ah, Vi accidentally injected them into vyour balls...
Bon Kurei: Newkama Land...
Luffy: Bon-chan, don't die!
Ivankov: Are vyou ready? Even if vwe DO make it to the entrance on the first floor, the problem is what comes after vwe've made it outside. Vwe're surrounded by the impassable Calm Belt. If vwe're to cross it and reach Navy HQ, vwe have no choice but hijack one of the Navy's warships. Numbers are absolutely essential! To be perfectly honest, even with all of vus here, it'll take everything vwe have to climb even one level without getting caught! If vwe are caught, gruesome torture awaits vus. So listen up, in order to increase vour survival rate just a little bit, vwe'll have to free as many prisoners as vwe can between Level Five and Level One! The more trouble the prisoners cause, the more enemy troops will be distracted by them! Vwe will steal as many keys and free as many prisoners as we can while making our way up there! Vwe are going to cause a riot here in Impel Down the likes of which has never been seen! So let's go, Straw-Hat-boy! Huh?
Inazuma: He's gone ahead already.
Ivankov: He freed himself?! Vwe'll follow him immediately, Candies!
Bon Kurei: Wait!  Will someone please stop me?! So fast!  So fast!  I'm spinning even faster than ever!
Okama: The Tension Hormones were too effective!
Okama 2: Yeah. But that's actually pretty convenient, isn't it?
Bon Kurei: No, it isn't!
Magellan: Now, we've gotten rid of the most troublesome person in Impel Down. Get back to your positions and subdue the chaos inside the prison!
Guards: Yes, Sir!
Jinbei: It's almost ten in the morning right now! The execution will take place at three this afternoon! They're certain to carry out the execution at that exact moment! If Whitebeard intends to stop them, he should attack several hours before the execution! Ace-san is already being taken across the sea. The battle could break out any minute now!
Luffy: They won't kill him before three o'clock, right?! Then we still have a chance!
Crocodile: These doors are completely pointless. I'll dry it up with my right hand.
Narrator: Explanation of Crocodile's Suna Suna Fruit powers. He is a sand man who can turn into and manipulate sand. The palm of his right hand can absorb the moisture from anything. When touched by his hand, people and plants will dehydrate, while earth and stone will crumble to sand.
Jailers: Here they are!
Jailer: T-This is Level Four! The prisoners that escaped from Level Six, the Warlord Jinbei...
Jinbei: Inferno Hell, huh?
Jailer: The intruder, Monkey D. Luffy...
Luffy: Hot!
Jailer: The former Warlord, Crocodile... They're all here! Start counterattack! Fire! Moron!  Use the prison bullets! Shoot him!  Use the prison-bullets! What? What the hell is this?! T-There's no way we can win!
Jailer 2: D-Don't falter!
Luffy: Move it.  I'm in a hurry.
Crocodile: Let's go.
Jailer: Damn them... Shoot!
Hannyabal: What is it?
Jailer: Assistant Warden!  This is Level Four!
Hannyabal: Did you get them?!
Jailer: Uh... Well... Hurry with the reinforcements!
Hannyabal: H-Hurry! Damn!  Dash!
Manticore: Camisole...
Manticore 2: Long-johns...
Manticore 3: T-back... Panties... Briefs...
Buggy: Sorry for the wait.
Mr. 3: Here comes the funny part.
Buggy: Dammit, what're they lounging around here for, those damn underwear fetishists?!
Mr. 3: Let's just make ourselves at home and wait it out...
Buggy: We'd finally managed to crawl back up to Level Two... If we get busted here, it's back to the cells! But these guys sure are smelly!
Mr. 3: I agree. Excuse me.
Buggy: This smell is torture!
Prisoner: Oh, the keys!  We're getting out of here! Thanks a lot, you there! C-Crocodile?!
Crocodile: I'm thinking of escaping this place, but I'll need some soldiers. How 'bout it? Wanna join me... Mister One?
Mr. 1: I suppose I'll tag along, if it's with you. I was starting to get bored.
Narrator: Luffy and the others charge onward, trying to break through Level Four. And then the prisoners riot in Level Two. Impel Down descends into chaos. And to make the situation even crazier, an unidentified warship arrives.
