Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! The Straw Hat Pirates have been scattered, and Luffy has broken into the world's largest prison, Impel Down, to free his brother Ace, who is being held captive by the Navy. With the help of Ivankov, the queen of Newkama Land and two others... he made it to Level Six, where Ace had been held, but...
Magellan: I hereby transfer custody of the notorious criminal, Portgas D. Ace, to the Navy.
Narrator: ...they were too late. Ace was already in transit to Navy HQ.
Luffy: I'm going to Navy HQ!
Narrator: Luffy and the others freed Jinbei and their old enemy Crocodile... and invaded Level Four!
Guard: Hurry!
Mr. 3: What is all that noise?
Manticore: Camisole... Long-johns...
Voice: All troops, proceed to Level Four. All troops, proceed to Level Four.
Mr. 3: I think I just heard something from the speakers... Has something happened in the prison? Hey, Buggy!  Look! The guards and the Blugori are leaving!
Guard: All troops, urgently proceed to Level Four. All troops, urgently proceed to Level Four.
Prisoner: The monsters are leaving!
Prisoner 2: Get outta here, freakin' monsters!
Prisoner 3: Don't ever come back!
Buggy: Seems like there's some trouble on another floor, partner. This is a great opportunity for us!
Mr. 3: Yes, that's right... When I think back on it...
Both: THEY'RE PRETTY DAMN CLEVER!
Mr. 3: Back on Level Four, we had to endure what was left of Magellan's poison gas... This smell... It's from Magellan!
Buggy: And then there was our rematch with the Sphinx back on Level Three...
Sphinx: Gnocchi!
Buggy: That thing's still here?!
Sphinx: Egg soba!
Manticore: Camisole... Long-johns... T-back... Panties... Briefs...
Buggy: And just moments ago, we were pressed against the floor trying to deceive those Accursed Beasts... It might have seemed like comic relief, but we've FINALLY made it back here to Level Two...!
Mr. 3: We're a breath closer to that long-awaited outside world...
Buggy: Ya ready, guys?
Prisoner: Of course we are!
Prisoner 2: Fake keys that Three-guy made out of wax...
Guard: Sector A!  What's happening?!
Voice: All troops, proceed to Level Four.
Guard 2: Sector B, wait!
Guard 3: We can't get in touch with sector C!
Guard 4: Hurry!  What are you doing?!
Guard: This is... This is the monitoring room!
Hannyabal: What is it?
Guard: This is strange...
Hannyabal: Oh, no no... This cool hat, you see, it is a specially-made headdress that I was going to wear to commemorate my promotion to Warden...
Guard: I'm not talking about the thing on your head! I can see someone sneaking around on Level Two! It looks like a couple of prisoners!
Hannyabal: What ?!
Prisoner 1: Thanks a ton.
Prisoner 2: It's Captain Buggy you should be thanking.
Hannyabal: Hurry up and restrain those guys up there!
Guard: Yes, sir!
Voice: Level Two guards, are you there?! If you are, then respond!
Guard: Yes!
Voice: What are you guys doing?
Guard: Uh, we're heading to Level Four, like we were ordered...
Guard 2: No!  Stay and keep watch on that floor!
Guard: This floor?
Buggy: Things have turned to our favor, partner! If these guys start rioting again, we can use that chance to smuggle ourselves onto a warship!
Mr. 3: Indeed, and then our escape will be complete! I suppose Straw-Hat and Mister Two are already dead... Even if they survived, they'll be stuck in prison for the rest of their lives!
Buggy: Our own lives are the most important thing!
Guard: That's Buggy the Clown!
Guard 2: Look!  He's got Mister Three with him!
Guard 3: Up there! Look above you!
Guard: Above us...?
Buggy: Well then, men! If ya wanna taste the fresh air again, raise hell like your lives depend on it!
Prisoner: That's the kick-off!
Prisoner 2: Our savior!
Prisoner 3: That's Captain Buggy!
Guard: T-This is Level Two... The prisoners have escaped from their cages and are running wild again! Please send the Blugori back here! We can't restrain them!
Guard 2: This is Level Four!
Hannyabal: What is it now?!
Guard: The Okama-queen Ivankov, Inazuma,
Bon Kurei: Quit messing around!
Guard: They've arrived, followed by a huge crowd of people!
Hannyabal: A... A crowd?!
Voice: All troops, urgently proceed to Level Four. All troops, urgently proceed to Level Four.
Guard: And the people they've brought with them are... You won't believe this! They're prisoners who've vanished over the years, the ones we thought had been taken by the Demon's Tug!
Hannyabal: What did you say?! What's going on here?!
Guard: There's no doubt about it!
Hannyabal: Will I ever get to become Warden?!
Ivankov: Vwe've finally made it!
Bon Kurei: Straw-chan!
Luffy: Bon-chan! You got a tension boost, huh?
Bon Kurei: I'm unstoppable now! Why are you here, Mister One?!
Luffy: Who's this guy?
Bon Kurei: He's the guy who was beaten by Waistband-chan back in Alabasta!
Luffy: Oh?  Someone I don't know, then.
Guard: Assistant Warden!  Hurry and send reinforcements to Level Four!
Guard 2: Level Two, as well!
Hannyabal: What do I do...?
Both guards: Please hurry up!
Guard: Hannyabal-sama, what do we do?!
Guard 2: Hurry to Level Four!
Guard 3: No, to Level Two!
Guard: Assistant Warden!  Hurry up with the reinforcements!
Voices: It's too hot!
Guard: It's no use! All these prisoners, who were really ferocious before they disappeared, are all wearing some kinda weird, fanatical getups! They're unstoppable in more ways than one!
Luffy: Let's go to Navy HQ!
Onigumo: It seems like an unprecedented riot is taking place in Impel Down. Their leader is Monkey D. Luffy. Take a good look at the sky.  It's the last time you'll see it. Once you've been secured on to the execution platform, you'll never... see the sky again. This is Onigumo. Prepare to open the gates to Marineford.
Marine: Fleet Admiral Sengoku!
Sengoku: How did it go?
Marine: He's nowhere to be found! There's just over 5 hours left till Ace's execution. We have no idea when Whitebeard might show up, and now, even though we've entered the most critical time, we can't find the Warlord Blackbeard anywhere on the island, no matter how hard we look! And one more thing... A warship that didn't get clearance to leave... just arrived at Impel Down!
Sengoku: What?!
Marine: You don't suppose...
Marine 1: Why is he here?
Marine 2: Investigate the warship they came here with.
Marine 1: Yes, sir!
Guard: Please, wait here! We didn't call for any outside reinforcements, and we're in a state of emergency and cannot take on this responsibility! We were just checking with HQ...
Blackbeard: Who cares about that?  We're on the same side, ain't we?
Guard: S-Still!  Pirates aren't allowed inside the prison, regardless of the circumstances!
Blackbeard: No need to hold back. I'm with the Government!
Burgess: What a depressing place this is!
Voice: Reporting in! has been eliminated!
Marine: What?! Hey!
Marine 2: Sir!
Marine: Wait, you lot!
Voice: We've got an intruder!
Marine: Hey!  Hang in there!
Marine 2: These guys are the guards that were just wiped out!
Guard: Darkness...!
Voice: Blackbeard and his crew have broken in with hostile intent, no doubt about it!
Guard: I was... pulled into the darkness...!
Voice: We don't know what they're here for!
Guard: Please send backup! Hurry!
Hannyabal: It's over!  My life is over! No, that's not true. This is the beginning of my dark, depressing life where I'm unable to become Warden.
Guard: Assistant Warden!
Guard 2: Pull yourself together!
Hannyabal: Straw Hat Luffy is on Level Four, Buggy the Clown is on Level Two, and the Warlord, Blackbeard, is at the main entrance! What can I do about this?! How about going back to the monitoring room and eating some crackers?
Guard: Pull yourself together!  We must protect Impel Down!
Hannyabal: Sure, you're not the one taking responsibility here, so of course you can say that... Don't tell me you're trying to take my job as Assistant Warden?!
Magellan: Hannyabal!
Hannyabal: W-Warden Magellan, is that you? Where... Where are you now?
Magellan: I'm in Level Two. I've taken care of the imbeciles who were causing an uproar here.
Hannyabal: What?
Prisoner: Help...!
Magellan: I've sealed all the exits to this floor. They'll be completely immobilized before long.
Prisoner: We're trapped here!
Prisoner 2: Captain Buggy!  There's a clog of poison blocking the way!
Buggy: Damn you, Magellan!  You sneaky bastard!
Mr. 3: We'll be in big trouble at this rate!
Magellan: I have no idea why Blackbeard has invaded this place, but I have a plan to deal with him. It's a risky move, but as things stand now, we have no choice.
Hannyabal: A risky move, is it?
Magellan: I hoped it wouldn't come to this, but I've decided that we must release Shiryuu!
Hannyabal: Seriously ?!
Magellan: In any case, we can't rely on reinforcements from Navy HQ. We must pull through on our own, one way or another. Send all available troops to deal with the situation on Level Four. I will be on Level Four shortly.
Hannyabal: Warden! Warden! Yay!  Warden!
Guard: Let's just hurry up and get moving.
Hannyabal: Sure.
Luffy: Crab-chan!  Where are the stairs to Level Three?!
Inazuma: To your left.  You just have to cross that bridge!
Luffy: Alright! You're in my way!  Move it !
Guard: Uh, sure!
Magellan: Shiryuu.  Does it feel good being out of that cell?
Shiryuu: Yeah, I've learned my lesson. I was about to die from eternal boredom... You're not just gonna use me then lock me up again, are you Magellan?
Magellan: You've been sentenced to death. There is no second chance.
Shiryuu: Yeah, I see. I'll keep that in mind.
Guard: Your sword, Head Jailer Shiryuu.
Magellan: I'll leave Blackbeard to you.
Shiryuu: Very well. My sword, eh? Long time, no see... So sorry...
Narrator: With the invasion of the Blackbeard Pirates, Impel Down descends even further into chaos. Blackbeard and the others evade all the traps that have been set for them. Meanwhile, the man released by Magellan stands in their way.
