Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! The Straw Hat Pirates were scattered, and Luffy broke into the world's largest prison, Impel Down, to free his brother Ace, who is being held captive by the Navy. He has joined forces with Jinbei, Crocodile, and the others, and a fierce battle has erupted on Level Four.
Blackbeard: No need to hold back. I'm with the Government!
Magellan: I'm on Level Two. I've taken care of the imbeciles who were causing trouble here. I've sealed all the exits to this floor. I have no idea why Blackbeard has invaded this place, but I have a plan to deal with him. It's a risky move, but as things stand now, we have no choice. Though I hoped it wouldn't come to this, I've decided that we must release Shiryuu!
Hannyabal: Seriously ?!
Magellan: Shiryuu.  Does it feel good being out of that cell?
Shiryuu: Yeah, I've learned my lesson. I was about to die of eternal boredom... You're not just gonna use me then lock me up again, are you Magellan?
Magellan: You've been sentenced to death. This is an opportunity to postpone your sentence. There is no second chance.
Shiryuu: Yeah, I see. I'll keep that in mind. So sorry... For cutting you guys down.
Voice: All the guards have been defeated! They've stolen the keys!
Ivankov: Now, keep building vour numbers, and let vus throw the prison into chaos! This way, the enemy can't hold vus back, and vwe'll increase vour chance of survival!
Okama: If you wanna escape, get out of those cells!
Prisoner: You're letting us out of here?
Saldeath: Go, Blugori! Go wild!
Okama: Damn, it's the Blugori!
Jailer: Head Guard Saldeath, we're counting on you!
Guard: Blugori!  Get that Okama with the humongous face!
Ivankov: It's not a huge face!  It's vmy Face-Growth Hormones!
Guards: Get him, Blugori!
Guard: He took out the Blugori army with one hit!
Saldeath: I-Impossible!
Guard: I don't get it!  What is that?!
Ivankov: Straw-Hat-boy! Vyou don't have time to be standing around! Leave vyour back to vus, and just keep running forward and climbing upward! Get going!
Luffy: Right, gotcha. Thanks!
Okama: It's the Demon Guards! There's three of them!
Guard: Alright, it's reinforcements! Sadi-chan and her team are here!
Sadi: These kids won't... let you take a single step past this spot!
Jinbei: Luffy-kun, let us go!  I will help you! Though I am not so good at fighting on land...
Luffy: Really?  You're pretty tough...
Sadi: Get them, Demon Guards!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no-
Voice: Wait!
Okama 1: You don't have to deal with these things!
Okama 2: Just as Iva-san ordered, you should keep moving, Straw Hat-san.
Okama 3: Leave the Demon Guards to us!
Luffy: You guys...
Okama: They call us...
Group: the Newkama's Six Forces!
Luffy: Wow!  Are they strong?
Ivankov: These babies have plenty of friends... who lost their lives to the hellish torment of Impel Down. It seems they've got quite a grudge against the Jailers, Demon Guards, and guards, who treated them mercilessly!
Sadi: Just finish them off already! Take this!
Okama: Without its eyesight, even a Demon Guard is useless as a tree stump. Get them!
Okama 2: We'll crush them!
Okama 3: Everyone attack at once!
Sadi: Don't you... underestimate these darlings. Even blind, they can smell and use their other senses to detect the enemy! That's just how... strong the Demon Guards of Impel Down are.
Okama: How's this?! This time, we've got'em! Alright, pull!
Crocodile: Pathetic weaklings...
Okama 1: No use!  They're too strong!
Okama 2: Neither guns nor cannons affect them!
Okama 3: Help!
Okama 4: It's hopeless!  Don't fight 'em!  Pull back!
Okama 5: We're all gonna die!
Sadi: Oh, I just love the sound of your screams!
Okama: Help us!
Ivankov: Those Demon Guards are quite frightening, indeed!
Guards: Get them, Demon Guards!
Prisoner 1: The poison, it's...
Prisoner 2: Oh, crap!  Get back!
Buggy: Damn, we can't even get close! Damn that shitty Magellan, he's left us without a single way out!
Mr. 3: What should we do? If we can't get rid of that clump of poison, we can't get to Level One.
Prisoner: Impossible!  Nothing can beat Magellan's poison! I guess escaping from Impel Down is impossible after all!
Buggy: Shaddup!  Like hell I'm giving up now that we've made it this far! You're acting just the way Magellan wants you to!
Mr. 3: Do you have any good ideas?
Buggy: W-Well... Mister Three!  When in trouble, we must count on your wax! Use your powers!
Mr. 3: W-Wait a second! This isn't like when I tried to deceive the Surveillance Snails or the Manticores! Oh, I get it! Who'd have thought I could block the poison with wax... I'd expect no less from you, Buggy!  Good thinking!
Buggy: I hadn't thought of that at all, though...
Prisoner: You're amazing, thinking up a plan like that!
Prisoner 2: We can always depend on you!
Buggy: Of course you can! I'm not all flashy, you know! There are times when some clever plans are necessary as well. You got that, you morons?!
Mr. 3: But you know, even though we've sealed the poison, that doesn't change the fact that the passage is blocked!
Prisoner: True... This is no time to celebrate.
Prisoner 2: There's no need to worry! I'm sure he's already figured out the next step!
Prisoner 3: Really?  Yeah, he must have!
Prisoners: What do we do next, Captain Buggy?
Buggy: Uh, well...
Prisoners: Tell us!
Buggy: W-We need to use what's available...
Mr. 3: Use wax again...? Use the wax, you say?! We can use my wax now, as well!
Buggy: That thing?
Mr. 3: Here I go, Straw Hat!
Luffy: Right!
Buggy: Yeah, that was back in Level Three, Famine Hell, wasn't it? We wanted to get back up, but thanks to that stupid Straw Hat, we ended up down on Level Five! After that, I went through all sorts of trouble to get back to Level Two!
Mr. 3: Let's use my Candle Lock, Buggy!
Buggy: Uh, I have to do that? Now that we've made it this far, it's all or nothing!
Prisoners: Go!  Captain Buggy!
Prisoner: That's Magellan's poison for ya...
Prisoner 2: It's like it's alive!
Buggy: Hey, wait!  Give me back my hand! MY BUTT!
Mr. 3: It didn't work out like it did for Straw Hat... We're out of options.
Buggy: Damn that shitty Magellan! "Warden of the world's greatest prison, Impel Down" my ass! WHAT THE HELL, YOU SHITTY, SWAMP-ASS! I BET YOU DON'T EVEN HAVE ANY FRIENDS!  APART FROM YOUR TOILET, THAT IS!
Prisoner: I think Buggy-sama snapped...
Prisoner 2: Well, it's no surprise, seeing how the plan failed...
Prisoner 3: Idiots!  Don't you get it? Captain Buggy hasn't given up yet!
Buggy: Time to go take a crap!
Prisoner: He's planning to defeat Magellan's poison using poisonous remarks?!
Mr. 3: I see!  Fight poison with poison, huh?
Buggy: YOU'LL STILL BE TAKING A CRAP WHEN THE SUN RISES!
Prisoner 1: What a man!
Prisoner 2: Indeed!  An unbeatable pirate's spirit!
Prisoner 3: The captain's unyielding resolve!
Prisoner 4: We'll follow you anywhere!
Prisoners: GO!  CAPTAIN BUGGY!
Voice: Raise the drawbridge! There's only five of 'em!  Stop Blackbeard's crew!
Guard: S-Shoot them! Fire!  Fire! He might be a member of the Warlords, but he's intentionally betraying us! Blackbeard is no longer our ally!
Shiryuu: So what if he betrayed us?  He was a pirate to begin with.
Guard: H-Head Jailer Shiryuu! When did you get out of the cell?
Shiryuu: Five enemies, eh?
Very Badly Drawn Blackbeard: Who's that? Is that Magellan?
Shiryuu: You're Marshall D. Teach... "Blackbeard", are you not?
Blackbeard: Yeah, that's right!  And who're you?
Magellan: I've sealed the exits from Level Two and restrained the movements of Buggy the Clown and the rest. And I'm sure Shiryuu can restrain Blackbeard up on Level One. All that's left is Crocodile, Jinbei, and the rest of Straw Hat's mob down on level Four. Here in Impel Down, attempting to flee is foolish, and rebelling is absolutely unforgivable! I will be there in a moment. Until then, do whatever you can to keep Straw Hat and the rest at bay, Hannyabal!
Guard: Assistant Warden!  It's terrible!
Hannyabal: What's wrong?
Guard: According to the report we just got from Level Four, Straw Hat's group just beat the Demon Guards all at once!
Guard 2: N-No way!
Hannyabal: Don't be afraid, you fools! Tell them that I'll be there in a minute! I swear I will hold back Straw Hat and the others until the Warden arrives! I will unfailingly carry out the mission that has been entrusted to me! Warden! Hey!  Hey!  Warden! Hey Warden!  Our Warden! Do your best, do your best, Warden! Hey Warden!  Best you'll do, best you'll do, Warden!
Guards: Assistant Warden!
Guard: It's no use!
Okama: Charge forward! There's nothing to be afraid of!
Jailer: Damn!  Their numbers keep growing! Damn-!
Okama: That's the leader of the Demon Guards, Sadi! Who cares?!  Get her!
Sadi: Silence!  You will refer to me as Sadi-chan! How dare you... do such a thing to my adorable... minions?!
Luffy: Damn her!
Ivankov: Wait. Didn't Vi tell vyou to keep moving forward?! Vi will be vyour opponent.
Sadi: It's not "Vyou"!
Ivankov: Make way, eccentric girl!
Sadi: Silence!  You're a female Ivankov, huh? You ambiguous anarchist!
Ivankov: Right now... Vi feel like a woman.
Voice: Level One, what happened? Did you take care of Blackbeard? Please answer!  What happened? Answer me!
Blackbeard: A favorable wind is blowing our way!
Surveillance staff: We're not getting any response from Level One. Don't tell me they were wiped out?!
Surveillance staff 2: Impossible! According to Assistant Warden Hannyabal, Warden Magellan has released Head Jailer Shiryuu... and sent him to deal with Blackbeard! Even if he's up against one of the Warlords, there's no way Head Jailer Shiryuu could be defeated so easily!
Sadi: Hearing the screams of the Okama Queen might be... fun too.
Ivankov: A woman's beauty is not her only weapon! There's also... vmy flexible, smooth movements! And though Vi doubt vyou, who only knows how to swing a whip around, are aware of this... vwe women care deeply for others. Vi hope vyou may find peace...
Okama: I-Iva-sama, this is no time to fool around... I'm not even dead...
Ivankov: And then... And then...! There are times when a woman can become stronger than anyone else!
Sadi: Silence! I won't let you get away! I wouldn't mind just pulling your head off your shoulders now, but if I did, I wouldn't get to hear you scream... I'll wait a little longer. Now then, I'll take my time and attack you, so let me hear your screams! You're quite the stubborn one... I said let me hear them! The Okama Queen, Ivankov's screams of death agony!
Ivankov: All the bones in vmy body are...
Okama: Iva-sama!
Sadi: I just can't get enough!
Ivankov: ...not broken!
Okama: They're not?!
Sadi: Impossible!  But how?!
Ivankov: Now that Vi have enhanced vmy own body with the Emporio Woman Hormone... it has become extremely smooth and tender... and is now capable of withstanding any shock!
Sadi: What a freak!
Luffy: Sheesh, you coulda pulled your punch a little. Who's that?  She's talking like Iva-chan!
Inazuma: Hurry!  The staircase to Level Three is close! I will open the door!
Luffy: Right, let's go!
Okama: What?  The door is opening itself!
Okama 2: Who cares?  We're in luck!
Hannyabal: This is the fortress of Hell! You shall not pass!
Luffy: Who is that?
Narrator: Magellan arrives at Level Four, and approaches Luffy and the others. Having beaten Level Four's forces, Luffy and the rest try to get to Level Three, but Hannyabal stands in their way and finally reveals his true strength!
