Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! The Straw Hat Pirates have been scattered, and Luffy has broken into the world's largest prison, Impel Down, to free his brother Ace, who is to be executed by the Navy. He has joined forces with Jinbei, Crocodile, and the others, and a fierce battle has erupted on Level Four.
Hannyabal: This is the fortress of Hell! You shall not pass!
Luffy: Who is this guy... Barging in here like he's so big?
Inazuma: Hannyabal!  He's the Assistant Warden of this prison!
Guard: Fire!
Hannyabal: Behold! I've got a thousand men guarding the stairs to Level Three, all wielding bazookas loaded with special prison ammunition! There's no escape for you!
Guard: The Assistant Warden sure is going all out...
Guard 2: Maybe it's another fake?
Hannyabal: To defend the bright future of the defenseless civilians... Straw Hat, infamous, world-renowned pirate... I will carry out your sentence on the Warden's behalf!
Guard: His attitude is different from what we're used to...
Luffy: Move it!
Hannyabal: No way!
Luffy: I said move!
Guard: It can't be...!
Guard 2: Hey, look at that halberd! It's Kessui!
Luffy: Damn you...!
Hannyabal: Don't underestimate me!
Guard: He's serious!
Guard 2: Then we can count on him!  He's really strong!
Guards: Hannya!  Hannya!
Luffy: W-What?
Hannyabal: You know it! The Hannya Carnival! TL Note: Inferno Hell Carriage
Luffy: If you're not gonna move, then I'll send you flying! I will save Ace!
Hannyabal: Don't make me laugh!
Guard: We've been waiting for you... Warden Magellan!  Please hurry!
Magellan: Where are the ones leading the riot?
Guard: They're right in front of the stairs to Level Three. The stairs leading from floor to floor are pretty far apart.  Let's hurry! We're just barely managing to hold them back with the help of Assistant Warden Hannyabal!
Guard 2: Assistant Warden!
Hannyabal: I'm the Assistant Warden, yet he got me so easily... If he were here, he would have... I-I'm the new guard, H-Hannyabal!
Warden: You've got a mean-looking face, just like I'd heard.
Hannyabal: Oh... That's just cruel!
Warden: It seems you're the only one I can trust to look after this guy... Magellan.
Magellan: Understood.
Hannyabal: Damn that Magellan... Why'd he put me in charge of Level One? Not only that, but I'm in charge of inspecting the new inmates.
Guard: We're bringing the next one in now.
Hannyabal: Uh, sure!
Guard: The female pirate with a bounty of 50 million beli... Miss Olive.
Hannyabal: She's my type!  She's the one !
Olive: You men are just... too easy to fool. Hey, I need to take off my clothes, right? I'm embarrassed, so can you turn around?
Hannyabal: S-Sure! A-Are you done yet?
Olive: No, not yet. What a stupid man.
Magellan: You can say that again.
Olive: L-Let me go!
Magellan: You shouldn't have been so careless!
Hannyabal: Ouch!
Magellan: Your job is just as important on Level One as it would be on Level Six! What do you think would happen if any of our prisoners were to break free?! Keep that in mind!
Luffy: Let go of me!
Hannyabal: I will not... LET YOU PASS !
Guard: Follow the Assistant Warden's lead!  Keep fighting!
Okama: FINE BY US!
Luffy: Move it! I'm gonna save Ace!
Hannyaval: That was nothing!  I can still fight!
Luffy: GET OUT OF MY WAY!
Hannyabal: I-I will not let you pass! Wait!
Luffy: Don't get in my way! Damn!  I have to hurry, or Ace will...!
Hannyabal: I'm not letting you pass!
Buggy: You piece of shit!
Prisoner 1: He's been throwing poisonous remarks for over 30 minutes now!
Prisoner 2: That's Captain Buggy for ya!
Buggy: It looks like your mom's about to do one! I-It's no use.  I'm all out of ideas. I can't improvise any longer!
Mr. 3: A-Are you alright?
Buggy: That Magellan sure is a tough guy... I need a bathroom break.
Prisoner 1: Don't tell me...!
Prisoner 2: Captain Buggy is going to take a shit too?
Buggy: I'm just taking a leak.
Prisoner: Then we'll go with you!
Buggy: This is bad... I gotta think of something else...
Blackbeard: What a useless way to stall for time.
Van Auger: He cannot reject fate with such a half-hearted trick.
Mr. 3: That is one looooong bathroom break...
Prisoner: Big news, Captain Buggy!
Mr. 3: What is it?
Prisoner: The poison... has vanished!
Buggy: WHAT?!
Mr. 3: What is going on? The poison really is gone!
Buggy: Seems like my attack finally worked! That thing sure put up quite a fight!
Prisoner: I see!  So all that time, you were trying to stop the poison with more poison!
Prisoner 2: Was it the bathroom break that did it?!
Prisoner 3: Awesome!  We really can't compare to you!
Mr. 3: No, that can't be the reason...
Buggy: Right!  We've gotten past that obstacle!
Luffy: You're in my way!  Just move already!
Hannyabal: Never!
Luffy: I said move, you bastard!
Hannyabal: You're not getting one step past me!
Luffy: Damn it!  Ace is... Just get out of the way! I'm going to save Ace, no matter what!
Hannyabal: What do you mean, you're gonna save your brother?! Don't try to glorify the trash of society! You pirates and rebels gained your reputations outside by committing crimes!
Guard: Assistant Warden Hannyabal!
Guard 2: Just stay down!  You'll die!
Hannyabal: Civilians can't sleep at night... And that is why we imprison the most dangerous criminals around the world... This is the fortress of Hell! If it were to fall, the whole world would descend into the depths of fear! I said I wouldn't let you pass, so you're not taking a single step past me!
Guard: Assistant Warden...!
Luffy: Ace is important to me!  So move it!
Hannyabal: I can't reason with such a fool...
Guard: A-Assistant Warden!  Help us!
Hannyabal: H-Hey!  What happened to you?!
Blackbeard: Just give it up! Don't go around spouting that crap about "Justice" or "Evil"! You can look all over the world, but you'll never find an answer! Ridiculous!
Luffy: He's that guy I met in Jaya!
Blackbeard: Well, this sure is quite an impressive group. We've walked in on a pretty major incident, huh?
Jinbei: Teach!  What are you doing here?! Or I suppose I should call you Blackbeard now?
Blackbeard: Jinbei... Hey, hey, no need to be so violent.  Mind loosening that fist of yours? Oh yeah, I heard you and Ace were good friends, huh? But I'm not the one you should be blaming here.
Luffy: Blackbeard?!
Ace: I'm chasing after a certain man. He calls himself Blackbeard.
Blackbeard: People's dreams... will never end!!
Nyon: I heard that a pirate called Blackbeard... managed to join the Warlords by capturing Fire Fist Ace.
Luffy: Blackbeard... So you're... So you're... Blackbeard?!
Blackbeard: Huh?  Oh, yeah, I never introduced myself, did I? Long time no see, Straw Hat! I sure was surprised when I heard that you were Commander Ace's little brother! Shouldn't you be there? Your brother's execution, that is! From what I heard, you're the one who took down that ex-Warlord Crocodile over there, huh? Straw Hat Luffy! Back then, when I was still trying to become a Warlord, I thought the best idea was to kill you and use that to prove my strength to the World Government.
Ace: Teach, drop the pointless questions. You should see what's going on here, after walking on so many people yourself.
Blackbeard: Whitebeard's era is over! First off, I'm gonna go kill that Straw Hat Luffy in Water Seven, and then I'll present him to the Government!
Ace: Luffy? What are you talking about?
Blackbeard: Oh, you know him?
Ace: Doesn't seem like there's any point talking to you. He's my kid brother!
Blackbeard: But it seems fate was in your favor! Ace, who had been chasing me ever since I broke the laws of Whitebeard's ship, just happened to be your brother! Once he realized that we were planning to kill his little brother, he just had to fight us himself!
Ace: If I bow down to your strength, there would be no point in being born a man. I will not live life with regrets. You got that, you moron?
Blackbeard: The sun or the darkness... There can only be one winner!
Ace: I will make Whitebeard the king.
Blackbeard: You understand? but his brother would have been killed, too!
Van Auger: There is no such thing as coincidence in one's fate. Meaning...
Doc Q: You got real lucky!
Lafitte: Now that the captain has become a Warlord, he has no need to take your life.
Burgess: Your brother put up an admirable fight!
Blackbeard: You should be thankful for Ace's interference. If he hadn't interfered, the one dying today, would be you, Straw Hat.
Luffy: In that case... WHY DON'T YOU TRY KILLING ME NOW?!
Narrator: While trying to escape amidst the chaos, Luffy is confronted by the pirate Blackbeard. Blackbeard speaks of his role in arranging Ace's execution. Having heard that, Luffy ends up fighting him out of pure rage.
