Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! The Straw Hat Pirates have been scattered, and Luffy has broken into the world's largest prison, Impel Down, to free his brother Ace, who is being held captive by the Navy. But Ace is already being taken to Navy HQ.
Luffy: I'll go. I'll go to Navy HQ!
Narrator: Luffy and the others have been trying to escape from Impel Down, and have reached Level Four... Where the Assistant Warden, Hannyabal, offered fierce resistance in front of the stairwell to the upper levels.
Hannyabal: This is the fortress of Hell! If it were to fall, the whole world would descend into the depths of fear! I said I wouldn't let you pass, so you're not taking a single step past me!
Luffy: Ace is important to me!  So move it!
Blackbeard: Just give it up! Don't go around spouting that crap about "Justice" or "Evil"! You can look all over the world, but you'll never find an answer! Ridiculous! We've walked in on a pretty major incident, huh?
Jinbei: Teach!  What are you doing here?! Or I suppose I should call you Blackbeard now?
Luffy: Blackbeard?! So you're... Blackbeard?!
Blackbeard: You should be thankful for Ace's interference. If he hadn't interfered, the one dying today, would be you, Straw Hat.
Luffy: In that case... WHY DON'T YOU TRY KILLING ME NOW?!
Van Auger: Captain!
Luffy: I'm not letting Ace die! Gomu Gomu no Jet
Bon Kurei: Straw-chan!
Crocodile: Blood?  Isn't he a rubber man?
Luffy: Blood?
Blackbeard: Your face tells me you've got no idea what just happened... Your brother Ace had the same expression! The moment I grabbed you, you should've realized... The other thing that my darkness can pull in... Is the powers of the Devil! In other words, as soon as I touch them, Devil Fruit users become completely incapable of using their powers! And that's how I won against Ace. You get it yet? Devil Fruit powers are useless against me!
Luffy: And so what?!
Jinbei: Wait, Luffy-kun!  Stop!
Luffy: Let me go!
Jinbei: This is not the time!  Just endure it!
Luffy: Let go of me!
Jinbei: You can't, Luffy-kun! What's more important here?! Think!  Luffy-kun! Ever since he was on old Whitebeard's ship, no one's ever known his true nature. I don't know what tricks he used, but he certainly possesses the power to defeat even Ace-san! We can't afford to waste time and energy here! If you get carried away and fight him now, we won't have time to save Ace-san afterward!
Blackbeard: You're even stronger than I had imagined. Your Willpower has increased, too.
Crocodile: You said you're Blackbeard, right? I'd heard that some no-name pirate from Whitebeard's crew had taken my place in the Seven Warlords... But isn't this odd? Why would you, who's been called to Navy HQ, be down here right now? You're pretty much throwing away the Warlord rank that you wanted so badly.
Blackbeard: It's all part of my plan. It's not like I'm obligated to tell you anything... ...Mister Crocodile.
Crocodile: That's true, and to be honest, I don't really care.
Blackbeard: Pretty touchy, aren't you?
Bon Kurei: H-Hey wait!  What's going on?!
Okama: Magellan is here!
Ivankov: This is not good! Straw-Hat-boy! Hurry up and go! If vyou're hit by any more of Magellan's poison, Vi won't be able to bring vyou back again!
Prisoner: It's Prison Warden Magellan!
Prisoner 2: Oh, crap... Hurry up and run!
Guard: Warden... Magellan!
Guard 2: Thank God... The Warden is here!
Blackbeard: Magellan... So he finally shows himself?
Okama: Climb the stairs!  The bazooka squad's gone! The path is clear!
Sadi: Ivankov! I'm not letting you go! Not before I've had a chance to hear an Okama's scream!
Ivankov: S-Screams? Please don't!  If that w-whip hits vme, it'll hurt so much!
Sadi: What's got into you all of a sudden? I love that horrified expression! Now, just surrender to me!
Ivankov: V-Vi got it!  Vi'm coming over there right away, so catch vme if vyou can!
Sadi: My whip! Give it back, Ivankov!
Ivankov: If vyou're so desperate to hear screams... then VYOU ought to be the one screaming! Vi am the queen of the Okama world, Ivankov! Vi demand that vyou call vme "Queen"!
Sadi: Ivankov!
Okama: Straw Hat!  Hurry and climb up to Level Three!
Jinbei: You took out the guards blocking the stairs... That makes things easier for us.
Blackbeard: Well, you guys helped us too. All this panic is real convenient for us.
Prisoner: Alright!  It's the stairwell to Level Three! Let's get moving! It's another Demon Guard! It's the Minotaurus!
Bon Kurei: What?!  The Minotaurus?! Okama Kenpo
Mr. 3: Here I go, Straw Hat!
Luffy: Right!
Bon Kurei: Didn't we beat that thing back in Level Three?!
Crocodile: Of course it recovered. They're awakened Zoan-type Fruit users. They're much tougher and recover much faster than normal people.
Bon Kurei: Those things are Devil Fruit users as well?!
Crocodile: If we stay here for too long, the other three will get up again too. But this is not the time to be scared of those things. The boss of Hell is just around the corner.
Guard: Warden Magellan! We've received word that Blackbeard is on this floor, at the stairwell to Level Three!
Magellan: Shiryuu should have already dealt with Blackbeard! Was he defeated?
Voice: This is the monitoring room!
Magellan: What's happening?!
Guard: I-It's terrible! The main Surveillance Snail was taken out! The monitoring system for the entire prison has been destroyed! What's more, all connections to Navy HQ and the Government have been severed! We've completely lost contact with- What's this?!
Voice: Hey!  What's wrong?!  What happened?! Who did this?!
Shiryuu: Don't go tattling on me... Or Magellan will know I'm here.
Guard: We've lost contact!
Magellan: Send someone to confirm the situation!
Guard: Yes, Sir!
Magellan: This is not good. If Blackbeard is on this floor, it means he's unsealed the door I sealed back on Level Two! Everything seems to be going wrong here! This entire mess has broken out because we allowed one little mouse to break in!
Buggy: Buggy!
Mr. 3: Mister Three!
Buggy: Buggy!
Mr. 3: Mister Three!
Buggy: Yeah!  We got flashily lucky! Men!  We're finally on Level One!
Mr. 3: Everyone!  We're about to reach the outside, where the sun shines!
Prisoners: Our great savior, Captain Buggy!
Buggy: Still, who'd have thought that poison door would just vanish on its own...
Mr. 3: You can say that again! We're in luck.
Luffy: I'm definitely going to save Ace!
Blackbeard: Sure, I won't say it's useless. After all, there's no such thing as "impossible" in this world. Sky Island did exist, didn't it?
Man: Sky Island?!
Bellamy: Hey, hey, you got me there! You guys really believe in that ancient legend of an island in the sky? Listen up!  The era where pirates dream is over! Whenever I see a foolish dream chaser like yourself, it really pisses me off!
Nami: Luffy!
Blackbeard: Sky Island is real!
Nami: You're that guy from before...
Blackbeard: This whole "New Era" they're talking about is a load of crap. The era where pirates dream is over?! Huh?! People's dreams... NEVER END! Ain't that right?! One Piece is the same. It definitely exists! Look forward to it, you guys! In just a few hours, we will give you all a show that'll shake the world to its core!
Jinbei: Don't bother with him, Luffy-kun!
Ivankov: Advance! To Level Three!
Prisoner: It's no use!  We can't win! We're not gonna get past this guy! He's pushed us back...
Prisoner 2: He's at the bottom of the stairs!
Prisoner 3: Damn it!  We can't even touch that thing!  What should we do?!
Okama: Hey!  Watch out, Straw Hat!
Bon Kurei: Straw-chan, I'll-
Jinbei: Wait! We shouldn't get in his way right now.
Bon Kurei: Hey, what do you mean, "Get in his way"?! I'm...
Luffy: Move.
Bon Kurei: Straw-chan!
Luffy: Ace!
Okama: A-Amazing!
Prisoner: He took that Demon Guard out in one hit! He's not normal!
Bon Kurei: Straw-chan! Now, you guys! The way out of Hell is finally open! Let's go!
Sadi: Warden! Help me, Warden!
Magellan: Sadi-chan!  What happened to you?!
Sadi: Okamakov... Beat me! I'm so ashamed! There's no reason for me to live if I can't torture people!
Magellan: Let her down. I'll go on ahead.
Guard: Uh, yes!  Right away!
Blackbeard: So you're Magellan?
Magellan: And I take it you are Blackbeard?
Blackbeard: I am indeed.
Magellan: I don't have time to ask why you're here.
Blackbeard: It hurts!  What is this?! Poison?  Damn that bastard...!
Magellan: Hannyabal. You did well to hold them back for so long. Leave the rest to me.
Guard: Assistant Warden! What a disgraceful appearance!
Magellan: Take care of him for me.
Guard: Yes, Sir! Assistant Warden!  Hang in there!  Assistant Warden!
Magellan: Don't die. I won't accept anyone but you as my successor. Straw Hat... How did you survive my poison? I'm sure he's the one in charge of this whole incident. I will absolutely finish him off this time! STRAW HAT!!!
Okama: Who's that?!  Is that Magellan's voice?!
Prisoner: He's at the bottom of the stairs! If he catches up to us, we're finished!
Luffy: The poison guy!
Magellan: I will never let you get away!
Narrator: Luffy and the others have finally reached Level Three. In order to hold back Magellan, who is steadily gaining on them from behind, Iva-san orders Inazuma to seal off the stairway leading to Level Two... and stays behind in Level Three on his own...
