Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! The Straw Hat Pirates have been scattered, and Luffy has broken into the world's largest prison, Impel Down, to free his brother Ace, who is being held captive by the Navy. Luffy and the others escapees have made it through Level Four, and reached the stairwell to Level Three. There they ran into Blackbeard, one of the Seven Warlords of the Sea.
Luffy: I'm definitely going to save Ace!
Blackbeard: Sure, I won't say it's useless. After all, there's no such thing as "impossible" in this world. Sky Island did exist, didn't it? One Piece is the same. It definitely exists! Look forward to it, you guys! In just a few hours, we will give you all a show that'll shake the world to its core!
Jinbei: Don't bother with him, Luffy-kun!
Ivankov: Advance! To Level Three!
Blackbeard: So you're Magellan?
Magellan: And I take it you are Blackbeard?
Blackbeard: I am indeed. It hurts!  What is this?!
Magellan: Straw Hat... How did you survive my poison? I'm sure he's the one in charge of this whole incident. I will absolutely finish him off this time! STRAW HAT!!!
Luffy: The poison guy!
Magellan: I will never let you get away!
Bon Kurei: Straw-chan! Don't look back, just keep running!
Magellan: I won't let you get away.
Ivankov: Get moving!
Prisoner: Hurry!  Magellan is close!
Prisoner 2: Hurry to Level Two!
Ivankov: That was the last group. Of all those behind them, not a single man was left standing! Inazuma.
Inazuma: Understood.
Okama: Inazuma-san! Why'd you slice up the stairs?! Iva-sama is still down there!
Inazuma: Never mind that, just hurry and get off this floor! Iva-san...! Please... Survive!
Magellan: What... Is the meaning of this?!
Ivankov: "What is the meaning?" vyou ask? If vyou don't understand what the meaning of that move was... Then vyou're... A TOTAL IDIOT, AREN'T VYOU?! Seems vyou're finally serious, huh?
Magellan: I won't let Straw Hat and the others escape while you're stalling for time!
Ivankov: Stalling for time? Vyou don't actually think you can beat me, do vyou? Vi will show you the true power of the Newkama Kenpo of the Kamabakka high temple! Now, come here!
Manticore: Long-johns!
Manticore 2: Chemise!
Luffy: That's weird...
Bon Kurei: Iva-san and Inazuma stopped him at the bottom of the stairwell!
Luffy: Then they're fighting against the poison guy right now? Let's go back!
Bon Kurei: Stop kidding around! If they are fighting, then that makes it all the more important for us to move forward! Let's believe in the power of the Miracle Worker! Spin, spin!
Crocodile: What's wrong with this floor? It's completely deserted.
Jinbei: Strange... And all the cells are already open, too! Who let them out?
Buggy: Alright, get out here!  The outside world awaits you!
Prisoner: Thank you, Captain Buggy!
Prisoner 2: Alright!
Prisoner 3: We're free!
Buggy: Now make sure you work hard, alright?
Mr. 3: Here. Take this.
Guard: Shoot!  Get them!
Buggy: Advance!  Keep moving! Alright, get out here!  The outside world awaits you!
Prisoner: Thank you, Captain Buggy!
Prisoner 2: Alright!
Prisoner 3: We're free!
Buggy: Now make sure you work hard, alright?
Mr. 3: Here. Take this.
Buggy: Advance!  Keep moving!
Narrator: Once trapped on Level Two by Magellan's poison but fortunately managing to escape, Captain Buggy and his merry prisoners are now heading to the front entrance. They are currently on Level One. Having made it through Level Four, Inferno Hell and Level Three, Famine Hell, Straw Hat Luffy, the Newkama troops he commands, and the released prisoners... are now running through Level Two, the Accursed Beasts Floor. And the ruler of Hell, Warden Magellan, who is trying to catch them, is currently fighting Okama Queen Ivankov, on Level Three.
Sadi: He broke... My spine... D-Damn you, Ivankov! I won't forgive you! Get going! How long... Are you gonna sleep for?!
Narrator: And the four Demon Guards, having just recovered from their earlier beating, are in the lift, heading for Level One. The traitorous Head Jailer, Shiryuu, has blocked all communication with the outside world. No one has received word on the current state of the prison. As this unprecedented incident continues to escalate beneath the sea...
Jinbei: Warships and prison ships are stationed all around the prison! If we can hijack one of them, we should be able to reach Marineford before Ace-san is executed!
Luffy: Right! Wait for me, Ace!
Narrator: Four and a half hours remain before Ace's rapidly approaching execution.
Ivankov: Vmy face... VMY FACE IS MELTING! Vmy face... Vmy face...! Vmy face... Vmy face...! It's... It's... It's... NOT MELTING! Vi was just wearing lots of makeup! Say "It's not melting?!" Say "You got me there!" Wink! Wink! Wink! Wink! Vmy laces... Vi can't get... VI CAN'T GET THEM LOOSE! Say "You don't have any?!" Say "You got me there!"
Magellan: How pointless. What a frivolous waste of time!
Ivankov: Is that so? Then how about vwe end this? This battle between vyou and vme?! Newkama Kenpo
Inazuma: Iva-san! Iva-san...! It didn't work?!
Magellan: Another attempt to stall for time?
Buggy: They're here! We finally made it here, and now all four Demon Guards are here too! Run! This is as far as we go!  Let's turn back!  We can't win! Let's just give up on escaping!
Prisoners: WHAAAAAT?!
Mr. 3: Are you alright?
Buggy: Hey!  Watch it, you crock o- -DILE?!
Mr. 3: B-B-B-B-Boss?!
Crocodile: So it's you, Mister Three. What's a worthless piece of trash like you doing here?
Mr. 3: That's quite a big shot they've released...
Prisoner: C-Captain Buggy! They've knocked out the Demon Guards!
Buggy: S-Straw Hat?!
Mr. 3: I-Is that the Warlord, Jinbei?!
Luffy: What a relief!  So you guys are alright?
Buggy: My heart!
Mr. 3: It hurts!
Prisoner: Captain Buggy!
Buggy: Perverts too?!
Bon Kurei: Who're you calling perverts?! You two...  How dare you abandon us back there?
Buggy: So you're here too, Mister Two?!
Prisoners: What are you doing to Captain Buggy?!
Guard: This is bad!
Guard 2: Did they manage to escape from Warden Magellan? How can this be?
Guard 3: Where is the Warden?!
Buggy: MAGELLAN TOO?!
Luffy: Huh?!  Does that mean that Iva-chan and Crab-chan were...
Narrator: Magellan finally catches up to Luffy and the others. Luffy and Mister Three try to hold off Magellan in order to let the others get off Level One. Meanwhile, Jinbei and the prisoners reach the entrance,
