Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! The Straw Hat Pirates have been scattered, and Luffy, trying to rescue his brother Ace, who is en route to Navy HQ, has boarded a Navy ship.
Magellan: The only thing waiting for you where you're going, is despair. No matter how hard you try, there's no escape!
Commander: Don't you realize that it's useless?! The Gates of Justice won't open...
Commanders: FOR PIRATE SCUM LIKE YOU!
Guard: Are you sure opening the Gates was a good idea... Warden Magellan?
Luffy: Bon-chan...?
Bon Kurei: It's me!
Luffy: Bon-chan! BON-CHAN! Bon-chan...  The Gates are closing. We're...  going. Thank you!
Marine 1: The Gates are closing!
Marine 2: Sink them!
Magellan: Do you have any last words?!
Bon Kurei: Satisfaction!
Narrator: Luffy has managed to escape from the world's most feared prison, Impel Down. But this incident is still not finished.
Shiryuu: It looks like you barely managed to hold on to your lives. If I hadn't arrived with the antidote when I did... you wouldn't have survived. You underestimated Magellan.
Burgess: But we're alive!
Van Auger: You coming here was the work of fate.
Lafitte: Still...  I really thought we were going to die.
Doc Q: Seems like we... got lucky this time.
Blackbeard: Whether we live or die, that's for the heavens to decide. It appears that we get to live a little longer. Hey, Shiryuu! How nice of you to save us.  Thanks a lot. I welcome you once again.
Shiryuu: I don't think I'd have any future staying in this place. I've been waiting to meet a man like you.
Buggy: Well then, my men! Let us have a toast for the first, and probably last, successful break-out from Impel Down!
Everyone: Cheers! Cheers!
Buggy: Delicious!
Ivankov: Let vus rest Inazuma here.
Okama: What?  You mean the poison has affected him that much?
Ivankov: Vi was able to cure the poison he hit vme with, using vmy Healing and Tension Hormones... but that is a technique which shortens ones life, not to mention the intense side-effects afterwards. If possible, it'd be less painful for him to wait it out and recover normally. Once vyour lifespan has been shortened, vyou'll never be able to reclaim the years vyou've lost. Inazuma is an important Newkama to the Revolutionary Army. This isn't the time to mess up his body like that.
Mr. 3: Now that I think about it, he wasn't a bad fellow at all.
Luffy: We'd finally been reunited... And he ended up saving me again.
Okama: Bon-chan! Bon-chan!
Everyone: BON-CHAN!
Buggy: Hey, how long're you guys gonna stand 'round sobbin' for? He was a good guy, but he's dead now and there ain't nothing we can do. Let's just celebrate! Celebrate our freedom! Or, if you'd like, we could make it a funeral for Mister Two. What a bloody nice service!
Luffy: We don't know for sure that Bon-chan died, you big-nose!
Buggy: Who're you callin' big-nose?!
Luffy: You, you red-nosed, round-nosed, stupid-nosed idiot!
Buggy: Well, you've got a rubbery, stretchy, stupid face!
Luffy: What'd you say?!
Mr. 3: Oh, just do whatever the hell you want.
Crocodile: I'd heard that talking to fish was a special ability that all Fishmen have... but I'm impressed that you were able to summon those sharks.
Jinbei: Is it strange for Fishmen to be on good terms with fish?
Crocodile: Well, it does seem a bit odd to me. You're from a pretty violent species... but I suppose you're an odd one out.
Jinbei: Well, I'll take that as a compliment. I can't deny that most Fishmen are violent.
Luffy: Bon-chan isn't dead!
Prisoners: Captain Buggy got a second red nose!
Jinbei: Luffy-kun. Thanks to you, I have a chance to save Ace-san. I'm indebted to you.
Luffy: Oh, don't say that.  It's no problem at all. I feel better that you're here, too.  You're really strong!
Jinbei: This incident isn't the only thing I owe you my thanks and apologies for... but now is not the time to talk about that. You can call me Jinbei. I used to be one of the Seven Warlords of the Sea, but I've abandoned that title! Let's unleash hell at Navy HQ! We must save Ace-san, so that Okama-kun's efforts won't go to waste!
Luffy: One of the Warlords?
Buggy: Navy HQ?
Both: HUH?!
Luffy: Hey, hey!  You were one of the Seven Warlords?! No wonder you're so strong!
Jinbei: Forgive me.  I should have introduced myself sooner.
Okama: It's more surprising that you DIDN'T know...
Buggy: Hey!  Whaddya mean, "Navy HQ"?! You better not be telling us that this ship is sailing towards Navy HQ!
Jinbei: That's right.
Buggy: WHAT?!  You know about the war between the Navy and the Whitebeard Pirates, right?!
Prisoner 1: Uh, what?
Prisoner 2: Navy HQ?
Crocodile: What are you saying?  It's not our fault that you're so dim-witted.
Buggy: WHAT?!
Crocodile: Now that we're through the Gates of Justice, the only possible destinations are Enies Lobby and Navy HQ. We're currently traveling the Government's exclusive route, the Tarai Current. The enormous vortex that connects the Government's three main facilities. The only reason we escaped in the first place was because we wanted to join the battle.
Luffy: Yeah!  The battle begins now!
Buggy and Mr. 3: Yeah, the battle begins now, you say...
Prisoners: N-NOBODY TOLD US ABOUT THIS!
Buggy: Stop the ship right now, damn you!
Mr. 3: Stop it!
Jinbei: Now that we're riding the sea current, there's no way for me to stop it!
Luffy: Why don't you two get off?
Mr. 3: Ok, goodbye!
Buggy: Bye!
Buggy and Mr. 3: YOU REALLY THINK WE'LL GET OFF?!  WE'RE BOTH DEVIL FRUIT USERS!  IF WE GET OFF, WE'LL DIE!
Prisoner: Navy HQ and the Warlords versus the Whitebeard Pirates...  this war is even scarier than Hell!
Prisoner 1: If we're going to a place like that, then I'd rather go back to prison!
Prisoner: Then you should have told us!
Prisoner 1: This time, we're done for!
Prisoner 2: Mommy!
Prisoner 1: Hey, can you hear something?
Mr. 3: It's a Snail Phone.
Buggy: Who's it from?
Mr. 3: Isn't that obvious?  We're on a Navy ship!
Buggy: M-Maybe we should pretend we're not here?
Luffy: Uh, hello?
Crowd: HE ANSWERED!
Voice: This is Navy HQ.
Luffy: Yeah, and I'm Luffy.
Crowd: DON'T TELL HIM YOUR NAME!  YOU'RE A PIRATE!
Voice: We received word from the Impel Down convoy that this ship has been taken over by the escapees. Judging from the information we received before we lost contact with Impel Down, we've determined that there are two men responsible of this break-out.
Mr. 2: Two men?
Voice: The pirate, Straw Hat Luffy, and his fellow pirate... Buggy the Clown.
Prisoner 1: W-What?!
Prisoner 2: Seriously?!
Prisoner 3: They think Captain Buggy is more important than the Warlords?!
Prisoner 4: Who ARE you?!
Buggy: Why me?
Marine: We'd underestimated you, thinking you were just some no-name pirate. Buggy the Clown, we never would have thought... that you were a former crewmate of the Pirate King, Gold Roger.
Buggy: How'd they find out?!
Prisoner 1: You were one of the Oro Jackson's crew?!
Prisoner 2: This is huge!
Prisoner 3: A-A star!  He's a pirate star!
Marine: We've also received word that you are like a brother to Red Hair Shanks of the Four Emperors.
Crowd: WHAT DID YOU SAY?!
Marine: I'm impressed that a man such as you would just lie low underwater until this incident came along. But since you've come here, you've revealed your true strength.
Buggy: Uh, no...
Marine: We've yet to find any connections between you and Fire Fist Ace... but I'm sure your objective is the same as Straw Hat Luffy's, to save Ace.
Buggy: No, not really...
Marine: We've also confirmed that Jinbei, Crocodile, Ivankov, as well as over 200 other escapees, are on board the ship. I'm warning you now... Unless we open the Gates of Justice, you will not be able to reach Marineford, nor will you be able to escape from the Tarai Current. There is no sea to escape to, nor anywhere else to go. You'd better resign yourselves to that. That is all.
Luffy: Hey, wait, Navy! I'm definitely going to save Ace! So just wash your potatoes and wait!
Marine: Potatoes?
Okama: It's "Necks!"  It's "Watch your NECKS", Straw Hat-san!
Okama 2: Like this is any time to wash and boil potatoes!
Prisoner: No, wait!  More importantly, Captain Buggy... You were a member of the Pirate King's crew?!
Prisoner 2: And you're also like a brother to Red Hair?!
Prisoner: Our savior is truly one amazing pirate!
Buggy: No, wait! Oh, crap!  Now that they know, the Government will start hunting me!
Jinbei: Well, I never thought he had that kind of history.
Daz Bones: And despite that, he's so weak.
Mr. 3: But then, how can he be such a coward?
Ivankov: All ships have one black sheep, after all.
Buggy: SHUT UP!
Luffy: Really?  Now that you mention it...
Rayleigh: If you're from East Blue, then maybe you know a pirate named Buggy as well?
Luffy: The old Vice Captain guy mentioned something like that, too.
Buggy: Huh?  The Vice Captain?
Luffy: An old guy named Rayleigh.  You know him, right?
Buggy: WHAT?!  You met Rayleigh-san?! Oh, that takes me back!  The Vice Captain, huh? Where'd you meet him?
Prisoner: The Dark King, Rayleigh's name came up! What an incredible conversation!
Prisoner 1: Captain Buggy!  You truly are a frightening man!
Buggy: No, no, wait a second! I mean, that's true and all, but, compared to those big shots, the life I've led up till now is just...
Prisoner: You're amazing!  You were a member of that legendary pirate crew!
Prisoners: Buggy!  Buggy!
Buggy: You idiots! Quit cheering!  I was technically just an apprentice! Even though you have me to thank for your freedom, I'm still just... No, I'm telling you, you've got it wrong! Well, not all of it is wrong. Oh, right!  Wait a second... It's true that the Navy has overestimated me, but this could work for me! That's right!  Nothing they said was a lie! There's no doubt that my reputation has shot up! If, by some mistake someone... Me... If someone managed to take Whitebeard's head today, then they... I might become one of the Four Emperors?! No, more than that... I could become the Pirate King! That's right!  These escapees all have higher bounties than me! I could put them to good use! I can do it!
Prisoner: Captain Buggy!  We will follow you wherever you go!
Prisoner 2: Just give the order!  We'll steal the ship from the guys who wanna go to Navy HQ!
Prisoner 3: And then we'll be free!
Prisoner: Now, Straw Hat... how about handing the ship over to us?!
Prisoner 2: We finally escaped!  You think we'll go to Navy HQ?!
Prisoner 3: We've got Captain Buggy on our side! We're counting on ya, Captain Buggy!
Crowd: Buggy!  Buggy!
Jinbei: Quite a problem...
Crocodile: We'll just have to kill them all.
Buggy: Yeah, I'm starting to feel like I can do this! Be silent, you flashy fools! You're letting your emotions run away with you. This ship won't stop! And we're all on board... Brace yourself and think about it! We're within an arm's reach of the place where the best in the world will show themselves! We won't get another chance like this again as long as we live! If you're real men, won't you come with me and fulfill your dreams? Today... I will take Whitebeard's head, and with it, the whole world!
Prisoners: YEAH!  CAPTAIN BUGGY!
Prisoner: Captain Buggy! We were plunged into the darkest depths of Hell...
Prisoner 2: And at some point we lost something important!
Prisoner 3: We used to have it!  That inner gem known as "dreams"!
Prisoner 4: I'll follow you!
Prisoner 5: Who needs to live in peace anyway?!
Buggy: Indeed!  Let's go, men! Let's go to Navy HQ!
Luffy: Looks like they've come to an agreement.
Jinbei: He seems to have a talent for convincing people, at least.
Prisoner: Captain Buggy, you are the leader of the world!
Prisoner 2: We'll follow you anywhere!
Buggy: Go ahead and follow me!
Ivankov: Just do whatever vyou want.
Marine: Portgas D. Ace's escort ship will arrive at Marineford soon.
Commander: So, they're finally here.
Marine: Stay calm and get on the ship! There's room on the escort ship for all of you, no need to panic!
Voice: Prepare to enter the port!
Narrator: The sky island Nami landed on, Weatheria, is flying towards the Grand Line, but it is moving much too slowly. Can Nami make it back to her crew? And can Franky, who has turned into a gentleman, return to his old self?
