Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew, and made his way through the Great Prison, Impel Down, in order to rescue his brother, Ace.
Buggy: WHAT?!  You know about the war between the Navy and the Whitebeard Pirates, right?!
Prisoner: Uh, what?
Prisoner 2: Navy HQ?
Crocodile: Now that we're through the Gates of Justice, the only possible destinations are Enies Lobby and Navy HQ. We're currently traveling the Government's exclusive route, the Tarai Current. The enormous vortex that connects the Government's three main facilities.
Prisoners: NOBODY TOLD US ABOUT THIS! Buggy!  Buggy!
Buggy: Be silent, you flashy fools! You're letting your emotions run away with you. If you're real men, won't you come with me and fulfill your dreams? Today... I will take Whitebeard's head, and with it, the whole world!
Prisoner: I'll follow you!
Prisoner 2: Who needs to live in peace anyway?!
Buggy: Indeed!  Let's go, men! Let's go to Navy HQ!
Luffy: Looks like they've come to an agreement.
Ivankov: Just do whatever vyou want.
Jinbei: I know you're worried about Ace-san... but right now, you should rest for a while. We're about to plunge right into a war that will change the world. If Impel Down was the world's mightiest prison,
Narrator: We now go back in time a little. This is a small Sky Island, Weatheria. It is a country inhabited by scientists researching the weather.
Old man: Hey!  Hey, hey, hey, young lady! Hey!  Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, young lady!
Nami: Yes, I can hear you!  What is it? Hmm?  Hey, wait!  What's this?!
Old man: So, how is it?  How do you like my cloud candy? It's a little experiment of mine. It's really hard to make it taste like cotton candy, how did it turn out? Please tell me what you think.
Nami: Are you trying to kill me?!
Old man: W-W-Wait a second, young lady!  You shouldn't be so violent!
Nami: Sheesh! It's sweet...  It really does taste like cotton candy!
Old man: I know, right?
Nami: This sure is one strange island. But anyway, this island is flying towards the Sabaody Archipelago, right?
Old man: Indeed.  It's a special service to get the blood pumping.
Nami: But it's been quite a while since I asked, so I was wondering, when are we going to get there?
Old man: Hm?  When, you ask?
Nami: What?!  How can you not know?!
Old man: Weatheria's movements are decided by the wind. It'd probably go faster if a typhoon started blowing, though.
Nami: How far did we go yesterday?
Old man: About 200 meters, I think.
Nami: Sheesh...  If this wasn't a Sky Island I'd have left ages ago.
Old man: But you know, even if we go down now, Sabaody Archipelago is far, far away from here. You'll get there someday if you stay here.
Nami: Hey, I don't have time to just sit around here and wait for that long, you know.
Old man: Then shall we go down? My research funding is about to run out anyway.
Nami: Go down...?
Old man: Down to the ground below us.
Nami: We can get down there?!
Old man: My research costs a lot of money, after all. Sometimes I go down to the ground and use my weather research to make money.
Nami: W-What is this?
Old man: Young lady! Over here!
Nami: A ship? What's with this ship?  It's flying?!
Old man: Here we go! There's an island that'll do nicely!
Nami: This island... This is awful...
Chief: You're going to solve...  this island's problems?
Old man: That's right. I can make it rain here by using my weather research!
Chief: What did you say?!
Old man: My services are on a special discount right now. How does one hundred million beli sound?
Nami: One hundred million?!
Chief: I'm sorry, but we do not have that much money in this village.
Old man: Maybe it was a bit too expensive?
Nami: It's way too expensive!  There's no way they'd be able to pay!
Old man: Really? Then one hundred beli will do.
Everyone: So cheap!
Nami: That's too cheap!  You've got no business sense at all!
Old man: Oh, don't mind that.
Nami: Anyway, are you sure about this?  You seem so confident...
Old man: Please have some faith in my weather research.
Nami: Are these... soap bubbles? There's something inside them...
Old man: Young lady.  Use this and summon the wind.
Nami: This is... Should I untie all the knots?
Old man: That's right!
Chief: T-This is unbelievable!
background-voice: It's raining!
Old man: It's a great success.
Nami: They're all happy.
Old man: Indeed.  My weather science is quite handy, isn't it? Well, then, I suppose this is where we say goodbye, young lady. I've asked the chief here to help you,
Nami: I'm not going.
Old man: What?
Nami: I've decided not to go back down yet.
Old man: What?
Nami: Think you can teach me some more of it while we're headed for the Sabaody Archipelago?
Old man: Well, of course!
Nami: Really?  Thanks!
Old man: We'll gladly welcome anyone who loves the weather! Guess one cloud stayed behind... Excellent.  I'll start with a lecture on these soap bubbles with the rain clouds inside them... Well, this isn't good.
Nami: Why, you...! What are you doing?!
Old man: Uh, sacrifices are necessary for the sake of progress!
Nami: Sacrifice, you say?!
Old man: L-L-Let me down!
Narrator: TL Note: Karakuri = Mechanics We now go to Karakuri Island. The kingdom where geniuses are born, Bulgemore.
Franky: It's super calming.
Kitton: He was so much more fun before. What are we gonna do to get old Franky back to normal?
Man: Even if we try to perform surgery on him again, the cola shipments are late, so if he can't retain his old pervertedness...  I mean, wild nature, he won't go back to normal.
Kitton: Wild nature, huh?
Franky: So cold... What am I doing out here? Oh, what luck!  A muffler out here! What is the meaning of this? "Keep out.  This is the forest of exiled Mecha Animals."
Kitton: This is the "Surprise Awakening in the Jungle" Master Plan! Reclaim your wild nature by struggling to survive in this harsh environment, old guy!
Narrator: Don't try this at home, kids.
Franky: Oh, be reasonable.  Please calm down, ladies and gentlemen. You seem to be rather tense, but now is not the time for breakfast, is it? You must eat at the right time, otherwise it will affect your health. Oh, I see.  So it really is breakfast time now, is it? Well, this is not good. Delicious!  A cup of morning tea after waking up is just the best. Would you like some as well? It is good to be alive.
Kitton: Looks like it didn't work. Help!
Franky: Good morning, boys.
Kitton: Old guy!
Franky: Please, call me "Mister Frank", not "Old guy". Violence is not... You might be at a somewhat naughty age, but... If we just talk about this... I'm sure we can... Come to an... Understanding... Stop it.  Violence...  Will not...  Solve...  Anything...
Kitton: Mister Frank! Come on!  You're not gonna get through to him!
Franky: Calm down... Listen to what I have to... Listen... Li... Listen... Listen... SUPER!!! Just who the hell do you think I am?! I'm the great Franky-sama!
Kitton: Alright!  Old guy, you're back to normal!
Franky: Transformation complete!
Kitton: What's wrong?
Franky: Now that I've calmed down a little, the steam has disappeared.
Kitton: What?!  This is perverted...  I mean, terrible! Oh, I know!  There's a place that might have something!
Franky: Where are we going?
Kitton: To Doctor Vegapunk's house!
Franky: Doctor Vegapunk?
Kitton: He's a genius whose scientific knowledge was incomparable, even here in the future kingdom of Bulgemore! The Mecha Animals we ran into earlier were all cyborgs made by Doctor Vegapunk! He was a bit of an oddball and he abandoned all his cyborgs to leave the island... but he was apparently an amazing man. Grampa told me that there are lots of dangerous creations in here, and that I should never come to this place...
Franky: What the hell is this?!
Narrator: Sanji is being chased by a large crowd of gender-ambiguous people. He runs, and runs, and runs, before eventually running into... a mysterious queen, wearing a frilly one-piece dress. Elsewhere, an enormous round creature is chasing after Chopper!
