Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from the Straw Hat Crew... and is heading for Navy HQ to save his brother Ace, who is about to be executed. Meanwhile, the other Straw Hats are... We now go a little back in time. Unexpectedly, Zoro ended up stranded with Perona.
Zoro: This is bad...  I gotta hurry!
Perona: Where'd that useless swordsman go?
Zoro: Damn it! Where is the room I was sleeping in?! What is this, a maze?! Is it over here?
Perona: What am I doing? I was gonna entertain myself... by sending him into the depths of despair with my Negative Hollows as soon as he found his swords. I even told him where the swords were... but he's just been running around for two whole days! Why can't he find them, even though I gave him clear directions?
Zoro: W-What are you doing here?! Are you using your Devil Fruit powers again?!
Perona: What are you saying?!  Don't try to blame this on me! You're just LOST, that's all! I told you, if you go up one of the stairways behind us the room with your swords will be right in front of you! How could you get lost?
Zoro: Shaddup!  Your directions were confusing!
Perona: There's no way this is my fault! Are you a fantasist? It's right over THERE! Seriously, how could you get that wrong?! You've become a pitiful guy since I took your swords away, you know that? When I look at what you've become, it feels like my heart's gonna break... I feel so sorry for you!
Zoro: What're you crying for?!
Perona: Someday, something good will happen for you! Hang in there!
Zoro: Leave me alone!
Perona: Take them.
Zoro: What's your game here?
Perona: I'm not playing any games. Even if you get your swords back, I'm a hollow, none of your attacks can hurt me. They just pass straight through me. A swordsman like yourself is no match for me. Besides, I have no need for a servant who isn't cute! As if I'd just give his swords back for no reason! If I use him, I can get back to Thriller Bark! His head is so totally empty, I can manipulate him easily! I'll make him work and work, and when I'm done I'll just leave him on this island! Not a bad plan! Damn it!  He got away! Where'd that useless swordsman go?!
Zoro: I'm worried about Luffy and the others! I've gotta get back to the Sabaody Archipelago! I wonder if they're alright?
Luffy: EVERYONE, JUST THINK OF HOW TO ESCAPE! RIGHT NOW... WE CAN'T... BEAT THEM!
Zoro: I can't waste any more time here!
Perona: There he is!
Zoro: It feels like I've been here before, but maybe not... I know! I must have seen a similar castle before!  Now, that's confusing.
Perona: That's not it, you moron!  I can't believe how bad your sense of direction is! I can't believe how nice I am... I'm actually leading him to the coast... Well, whatever.  I'll politely lead him there, then make him work like a dog.
Zoro: You sure it's this way?
Perona: You're one to talk!  Yes, I'm sure! Just follow my lead and don't worry about it.
Zoro: Really?
Perona: What?!  Why are you going off in a different direction?!
Zoro: Huh?  Oh, is it this way?
Perona: I'm telling you it isn't, you stupid swordsman!
Zoro: What?!
Perona: Why can't you even just follow me?!
Zoro: You've got to give better directions!
Perona: How is this my fault?! I'm exhausted just being around this guy...
Zoro: What's up? You're flying, but you're exhausted?
Perona: It's your fault!
Zoro: How?
Perona: Never mind.  I get tired just from talking to you.
Zoro: I recognize this tree!
Perona: SHUT UP! What was that? Maybe someone else has come flying here! I guess I'll take a look.
Zoro: Hey.  Where're you going?
Perona: I'm tired of helping a boring, troublesome toy like you! You can just wander the island for the rest of your life! I wonder what kind of person it is? I sure hope it's a cute one this time!
Zoro: Hey.  You sure took your time.
Perona: W-W-Why are YOU here?!
Zoro: Why, you ask?  Wasn't the coast over here?
Perona: So you really ARE a fantasist, huh?! Unbelievable! Is he really an amazing guy?!
Zoro: That tree...  The cuts are new...
Perona: I'm so disappointed...  We only heard a tree falling over? Nobody was sent flying here after all... Does that mean I have to stick with this guy? Still, this battlefield-like atmosphere...  It feels like I'm gonna melt. Perhaps that tree was cut down by some lingering evil spirits?
Zoro: I don't know about that...
Perona: Hey!  Where are you going? Hey!
Zoro: This is...
Perona: A grave, huh? Who could have made this?
Zoro: It's a single piece cut from a large tree... This is an impressive piece of work.
Perona: In any case, it sure is big...
Zoro: There it is again...  Somebody's here after all. Fast...! What?!  He deflected it!
Perona: Hey!  Look!
Zoro: These guys...!
Narrator: Namakura Island, Kingdom of Poverty, Harahetternia It is here that the locals have mistaken Brook for the Demon King, Satan.
Brook: What a pleasant morning... Luffy-san... I wonder if all of you are looking at this sun as well? No, I am sure they are looking at it! Because no matter how deep the night, it always turns to day eventually! As long as we're all alive, I am sure I will see you again! In any case, I must say...  this is a very run-down island... About that room...  I didn't notice it yesterday, but... there was a ceremonial altar and dolls that seemed to be made for worship, with strange tapestries and posters on the walls, and all those macabre-looking wall hangings. And the things on the floor, were they cursed tools of some sort? Now that I think about it, it was all rather strange...
Man: Are you awake now? We gathered some breakfast for you, and we were just on our way to your room to deliver it.
Brook: Is that for me?
Man: Of course it is.
Brook: What generous people you are!
Man: Oh, I've forgotten to introduce myself! I am the head of this land, Pekkori.
Brook: Pekkori-san.  I will accept your kindness. Young lady... May I see your panties?
Pekkori: He wants panties!  Hurry and show him your panties!
Brook: Oh no!  You see...  I wasn't actually...  talking about the men!
Pekkori: Go ahead, take a good look.
Brook: What is that?! That was such a good meal.  I am completely stuffed, and can barely move... Though I do not have a stomach to stuff in the first place!
Man: That was one week's worth of food!
Pekkori: Uh, Satan-sama?  What is it you want from us?
Brook: I wish to set out to sea as soon as possible. Please, give me a ship.
Pekkori: That can't be!  Have we angered you somehow?
Brook: Oh, no...
Pekkori: Hey, all of you! Show him his after-meal panties!
Brook: Enough with the panti- WHOA!
Pekkori: Have you come to dislike panties?
Brook: No...  That is not the problem. I need to get back to my companions, no matter what!
Pekkori: Get back?
Brook: Indeed.
Pekkori: No matter what?
Brook: Indeed.  I am sorry for causing you trouble.
Pekkori: It's over! If the panties won't work, we have no means of stopping you, Satan-sama! This kingdom is done for! Now that it's come to this, we have no choice but to accept death together...
Brook: P-P-Please wait! Calm down!
Men: What?
Brook: Well, there seems to be some complicated story behind this. You all call me "Satan", and yesterday, I seem to recall hearing something about a "Longhand Tribe." Could you please tell me the details?
Pekkori: For a long time, this kingdom has been under siege from the Longhand Tribe. Not only do they take all of our money and food, but they also abduct our skilled men and women. As you can see, the kingdom is worn out.
Brook: Then, the food you gave me...
Pekkori: I'm ashamed to admit this, but we just scraped together what little food we had left.
Brook: Oh no...
Pekkori: In an attempt to escape our desperate situation, And not only that, we also called upon skilled spirit masters from nearby countries, in an attempt to curse and kill our enemies. However, that did not work either.  Since we'd run out of options, we resorted to black magic, and at last, succeeded in summoning you, Satan-sama, The Demon King. Satan-sama, you are our last hope! Please, bestow your judgment upon the Longhand Tribe! We beg of you!
Men: We beg of you!
Brook: Me?
Pekkori: Yes!  We want you to cast your curse of death upon our enemies!
Men: Satan-sama!
Brook: Uh... Well...
Voice: It's the Longhand Tribe!
Pekkori: What?!
Man: You want me to punch you, you damn bastard?!
Old man: Give my daughter back!
Man: We're gonna send you all to Hell!
Brook: Whaaaaat?! Uh, that woman is being taken away...
Man: Yes.
Pekkori: Now, cast your curse upon them!
Man: We're begging you!
Brook: No, we have to save her! Young lady... Still, even though that girl, their own comrade, was taken away, all they do is talk... Why didn't they try to fight, to take her back?
Pekkori: Satan-sama! We beg of you! Bestow upon them your divine judgment!
Men: We beg of you!
Brook: These people depend on others too much... But that young lady is the victim here!  She hasn't done anything wrong. Very well.  I need to repay my debt for your hospitality and the panties. Luffy-san.  Everyone. I am currently surrounded by an abundance of panties, while being hailed as "Satan-sama". Forgive me, but you will have to wait a little longer. If I don't repay a certain debt, I'll be just as useless as any other skeleton! As soon as I have finished this job, I will head back to you!
Jinbei: It's been one hour since we left Impel Down.
Crocodile: Can't we move any faster? I'd rather not arrive after the battle is over.
Jinbei: Crocodile...
Crocodile: The Navy won't take down Whitebeard... I will.
Jinbei: You're still talking like that?!
Crocodile: I don't mind taking your head first, you know.
Jinbei: Luffy-kun...
Luffy: I'm coming now!  Wait for me, Ace!
Narrator: Luffy and the others continue their voyage on the Tarai Current. Not much time remains before they reach Marineford. Luffy watches the Vivre Card to make sure that Ace is still safe, while he thinks back on his past with Ace.
