Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy was separated from his crew, and made his way through the Great Prison, Impel Down, in order to rescue his brother Ace from the Navy. He now aims for Navy HQ.
Jinbei: Is that Ace-san's Vivre Card?
Luffy: Yeah.
Jinbei: Ace-san told me a lot about you. I heard you always used to run around on the hills together with him.
Luffy: Yeah, me and Ace were always together. Wait up, Ace! I'm gonna win this time!
Jinbei: Eating together... Sleeping together... And testing your skills whenever you had time...
Ace: You've still got a long way to go before you can beat me.
Jinbei: Those days of the past... Ace-san seemed to have fond memories of them.
Luffy: Ace went out to the sea three years before I did. He hadn't even eaten a Devil Fruit back then... but I could never beat him.
Jinbei: I suppose you haven't seen him since he left?
Luffy: No, I ran into him once in Alabasta.
Ace: Really, there was hardly any point in me helping you escape, was there? Hey!
Luffy: Ace!
Ace: Long time no see, Luffy.
Luffy: It sure has been!
Ace: I had some business to take care of, so I came to these seas. I thought I'd meet up with you while I was at it.
Luffy: Business?
Ace: I'm a member of the Whitebeard Pirates.
Luffy: The Whitebeard Pirates?
Ace: This is the symbol of the Whitebeard Pirates. It's my pride.
Luffy: Really?
Ace: Luffy, why don't you join Whitebeard's crew? Of course, you can bring your companions with you.
Luffy: Don't want to.
Ace: That's what I thought. I just had to ask. Whitebeard is the strongest pirate I know of. I want to make him the Pirate King. Him, not you, Luffy.
Luffy: That's fine. I'll just fight him for the title.
Luffy;Usopp;Chopper: Cheers!
Ace: Who said I was gonna join you?
Luffy: Ace!  Are you sure you don't wanna join our crew?
Ace: I'm chasing after a certain man. His name is Blackbeard. He used to be a member of Whitebeard's Second Division, and one of my subordinates. Then he committed the worst sin one can as a pirate. He killed a member of the crew and left the ship. As his commander, I have to track him down and deal with him. I want you to have this. Here. Carry it with you... always.
Luffy: What? It's just a piece of paper.
Ace: Yeah, that's right. That piece of paper... will bring the two of us together again. You don't want it?
Luffy: No, I'll keep it.
Ace: Since I have a clumsy little brother, I'm worried about you as a big brother. I'm sure he's caused you guys a lot of trouble, too. Take care of him for me.
Luffy: Huh?  You're leaving already?
Ace: Luffy, the next time we meet, we'll both be legendary pirates.
Luffy: Blackbeard... I ran into that guy once in Mock Town.
Luffy and Blackbeard: Hey, old man! Hey, old man!
Man: Huh? What is it?
Luffy: This cherry pie tastes so awful, I could die!
Blackbeard: This cherry pie tastes so good, I could die!
Both: What's with you?!  You wanna fight?!
Zoro: How'd this turn into a fight?!
Blackbeard: You a pirate?
Luffy: Yeah. I am.
Blackbeard: What's your bounty?
Luffy: Thirty million.
Blackbeard: Thirty million?  You? Like hell it is!  Don't lie to me!
Luffy: I'm not lying!
Zoro: Cut it out!
Pirate: Those two are gonna fight Bellamy!
Pirate 2: Do it! Do it!
Nami: Luffy, wait! Hey, old man!  We want to go to Sky Island! Do you know anything about it?
Man: Sky Island?!
Bellamy: Hey, hey, you got me there! You guys really believe in that ancient legend of an island in the sky? What era are you living in anyway? Listen up!  The era where pirates dream is over! Whenever I see a foolish dream chaser like yourself, it really pisses me off!
Nami: Luffy!
Luffy: Zoro. Don't fight back, no matter what happens.
Blackbeard: Sky Island is real!
Nami: You're that guy from before...
Blackbeard: This whole "New Era" they're talking about is a load of crap. The era where pirates dream is over?! Huh?! People's dreams... NEVER END! Ain't that right?!
Luffy: I still can't believe that Ace would lose to someone. WHAT?! The Seven Warlords and the Navy HQ are gonna battle against the Whitebeard Pirates?! What's going on?! H-How can this be happening?! W-W-W-Wait a second! That's more than I can take in all at once!
Nyon: What a hopeless man. There is a limit to how ignyorant you can be! Although this is only speculation at the moment, the battle will certainly happen sooner or later. The World Government has made the first move. Whitebeard is a man who would never allow his crewmates to be killed. Even though they know that, they have announced the public execution of Whitebeard's elite subordinate, Portgas D. Ace!
Margaret: What's wrong?
Luffy: Ace is gonna be executed?!
Nyon: I heard that a pirate called Blackbeard managed to join the Warlords by capturing Fire Fist Ace.
Luffy: He's my big brother! Ace is my big brother!
Nyon: What?!
Luffy: I wanna go save Ace!
Jinbei: When I first heard it, I couldn't believe it either. Still, is that how it is? You had already met Teach? Well, I had a hunch from the way you spoke to him...
Luffy: Blackbeard?! So you're... So you're... Blackbeard?!
Blackbeard: Huh?  Oh yeah, I never introduced myself, did I? Long time no see, Straw Hat! I sure was surprised when I heard that you were Commander Ace's little brother! Shouldn't you be there? They're gonna start soon, ya know? Your brother's execution, that is! From what I heard, you're the one who took down that former Warlord Crocodile over there, huh? Straw Hat Luffy! Back then, when I was still trying to become a Warlord, I thought the best idea was to kill you and use that to prove my strength to the World Government. But it seems fate was in your favor! You should be thankful for Ace's interference. If he hadn't interfered, the one dying today, would be you, Straw Hat.
Jinbei: The man he killed... was the commander of Whitebeard's Fourth Division, Thatch. He was a good man. I simply wanted to be of help to old Whitebeard, to repay my huge debt to him, so I spent a lot of time on his ship, but I never realized what he was planning! After that, Ace-san set off to sea by himself. In order to give Teach his punishment, as the commander of Whitebeard's Second Division.
Voice: Calling all troops: Assemble at the bay! Get ready for Portgas D. Ace's execution! I repeat: All troops, assemble at the bay!
Blackbeard: Now, prepare to set sail! Things are about to get busy!
Ace: Hey!  Wait up, Teach. I've been looking for you.
Blackbeard: Huh? Oh, Ace! Commander!
Ace: Give me a break. Don't call me "Commander". That's a title used out of respect for someone. Don't try to mock me.
Blackbeard: Alright, I won't. Just let me ask you one thing. Hey Ace, wanna join my crew? Join me, and let's take over the world! I've got it all planned out! Whitebeard's era is over! I am the one who will become the Pirate King! First off, I'm gonna go kill that Straw Hat Luffy in Water Seven, and then I'll present him to the Government!
Ace: Luffy? What are you talking about?
Blackbeard: Oh, you know him?
Ace: Doesn't seem like there's any point in talking to you. He's my kid brother! And of course, I will... never join you.
Blackbeard: I know, Ace. You want to kill me, right? I understand. Killing a crewmate is an unforgivable crime. It's true, I did kill Commander Thatch of the Fourth Division! The ship's rules said that whoever found a Devil Fruit could eat it, right? I had memorized the shape of all the Devil Fruits in the picture book. I could tell right away that he'd found the one I had always wanted!
Ace: So, you killed Thatch and stole it from him?
Blackbeard: Well, it was done on impulse. This ability chose ME, Ace! With this ability, I have become the strongest! Behold! Even amongst the Logia-types, this ability is unique! Ace, your body can turn to fire, right? I am darkness! Hot! Hot!
Ace: Now, isn't this odd?
Blackbeard: Didn't I tell you? Darkness pulls in everything. Even bullets, arrows, punches, fire and lightning. Attacks won't just pass through me, like what happens to you! My body takes even more damage than that of an ordinary human! But, in exchange for that risk, I've gained the ability to pull in another thing! The gravity of darkness can absorb the essence of a Devil Fruit user.
Ace: Gravity?!
Blackbeard: And my body can... Well? Have you figured it out yet, Ace?
Ace: No way...
Blackbeard: I bet it's been a while since someone's punched you, Ace. The moment I grabbed you, you should've realized... The other thing that my darkness can pull in... is the powers of the Devil! In other words, as soon as I touch them, Devil Fruit users become completely incapable of using their powers! Logia. Zoan. Paramecia. I've gained an ability that renders all Devil Fruit users of the world... incapable of defending themselves from me!
Ace: Then I just have to avoid getting caught, right?
Blackbeard: Everything becomes powerless before the darkness. Even someone as strong as you are. Although, it'd be a shame to waste that power. Ace!  Join my crew!
Ace: If I bow down to your strength, there would be no point in being born a man. I will not live life with regrets. You got that, you moron?
Blackbeard: The most important thing in this world is survival. What a shame, Ace. Die in the darkness! The sun or the darkness. There can only be one winner!
Ace: I will make Whitebeard the king.
Narrator: Three hours prior to Ace's execution, at Navy HQ. The Seven Warlords of the Sea assemble, and await Whitebeard's arrival. At the same time, the three Admirals gather. Before the battle, the tension keeps on rising.
