Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line!
Prisoner: Ah, I ate so much!
Prisoner 2: I'm stuffed!
Prisoner 3: Well, it is Navy food and drink, after all!
Prisoner 4: And to think we'd given up hope of breathing the outside air ever again! And this is all...
Prisoners: THANKS TO CAPTAIN BUGGY! THANK YOU!
Buggy: Oh, it was no trouble!  No trouble at all! So, how are things over here, Jinbei?
Jinbei: Hmm?
Buggy: Don't "Hmm?" me, you bastard! I'm asking, how long until we get to the place where I take over the world: Navy HQ?!
Prisoner: What a bold remark!  It sent chills down my spine!
Prisoner 2: I can't stop trembling!
Buggy: The Seven Warlords who sold their souls to the government and the three stupid Admirals are nothing compared to us!
Prisoner: Yeah, that's right!  You're the best bet to become the Pirate King since you're following in Roger's wake!
Narrator: Meanwhile, at the Navy's headquarters in Marineford...
Marine: Excuse me! Everyone, it's time to go. Please come with us to the port.
Narrator: Excluding the Sea Knight Jinbei, who is working alongside Luffy... and Marshall D. Teach, who broke into Impel Down... four of the Seven Warlords of the Sea are about to leave Mariejoa. And Boa Hancock, who has returned from Impel Down, has been waiting here patiently. Four out of these five have already encountered the Straw Hats at some point.
Moria: That Whitebeard sure has some nerve, doesn't he? There's still three hours left before the execution, too!
Marine: Yes, that's right, but we need to be prepared for any unexpected developments...
Narrator: Bartholomew Kuma.
Kuma: So, you are still alive, Roronoa. If you were to go on a vacation, where would you like to go?
Brook: I shall protect you! Even if it costs me my life!!
Sanji: Damn it to hell!
Nami: Luffy! Help!
Luffy: ROBIN!!!
Robin: Luffy!!
Kuma: We will never... meet again. Farewell.
Doflamingo: You're all ready for action, huh? What an unsocial fellow.
Narrator: Dracule Mihawk, also known as Hawk-Eye Mihawk.
Zoro: I don't believe it...  That's... The man with the hawk's eyes! I set out to sea in order to meet you.
Mihawk: What is your goal?
Zoro: To be the best!
Mihawk: How foolish. Kid!  Tell me your name!
Zoro: Roronoa Zoro!
Mihawk: I shall remember it!  It's been a long time since I've seen such strong will. For this... as a gesture to a fellow swordsman, I shall sink you using the "Black Blade", the world's strongest sword. What now?
Zoro: A cut to the back is a swordsman's greatest shame.
Mihawk: Magnificent!
Luffy: ZORO!
Mihawk: Do not be so quick to throw away your life, young one. Do not worry.  I let him live. It is still too soon for you to die. My name is Dracule Mihawk! Find your true self, your true world, and become stronger! No matter how many years it may take... I shall wait for you, at the peak of my strength! Surpass my sword! Surpass me!  Roronoa Zoro!
Moria: We can't afford to be late now, can we? I'm going to help myself to as many shadows and corpses of the world's greatest fighters as I can! To me this will be the perfect scavenging grounds!
Narrator: Gecko Moria.
Moria: Now, all the shadows of Thriller Bark! Become my power!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no I'm trapped!
Moria: I'll crush you! This is your baptism!
Marine: Umm, Doflamingo-dono, Hancock-dono, you must hurry!
Hancock: I know.  Do not speak my name so casually!
Narrator: Boa Hancock.
Hancock: Sinful hearts that long for me... may your bodies harden!
Marine: HANCO-
Luffy: You're pissin' me off.
Marigold: Sister, get a hold of yourself!
Hancock: This is just ridiculous! There can't possibly exist a man... that can't be captured by my charm! I can't bear that man's existence! That man!
Luffy: You'd rather die than let anyone see it, right? So don't move!
Hancock: Luffy, please be safe...
Narrator: And this man, the only Warlord whom Luffy and the others have yet to meet... Donquixote Doflamingo.
Sarquiss: I'm begging you...  Please stop! Why are you doing this?!
Doflamingo: I have no need for small-fry among my followers, you little brats.
Sarquiss: Damn!  My body's moving on its own! Stop!  Please, forgive me! NOOO!
Bellamy: P-Please... Please, give me one more chance...! I will...  We will follow you!
Doflamingo: You are a loyal underling.  It makes me want to cry. However, I have no need for you.
Bellamy: Doflamingo!
Doflamingo: It's about to begin. Make haste with the preparations! A world where only true pirates can survive is coming! Those lacking strength should flee while they can. The tide is changing beyond our control... bringing with it a wave of the mightiest individuals and a whole new era!
Narrator: His powers remain a mystery. Of course, Navy HQ is also preparing for battle... under the command of Fleet Commander Sengoku.
Marine: So this is where you were? It's time, Aokiji-san.
Aokiji: My, my, my... Is it already lunch time?
Narrator: Admiral Aokiji
Luffy: The sea... froze!
Robin: This is the strength of an admiral from Navy HQ.
Aokiji: You've come across some nice companions, I see. But you're still the same person, Nico Robin!
Robin: You're wrong!  I've changed...!
Luffy: Robin!  He's dangerous!  Run away! YOU...!
Aokiji: Don't get so upset. But her body is pretty fragile right now, so you'd better be careful. If she breaks apart, she'll die. For example, if I were to smash her like so...
Luffy: STOP IT! That was close!
Nami: You did it!
Chopper: That was amazing, Usopp!
Aokiji: What the hell?
Luffy: Usopp! Chopper! Run back to the ship, right now!  Do whatever you can to save Robin!
Usopp and Chopper: R-Right!
Sanji: You're not...
Zoro: gonna have it your way any more!
Luffy: Wait, you guys! Stay out of this. I want to fight him, one on one. Let's settle this fight between you and me!
Aokiji: Fine by me, but seeing as I don't have a ship to transport you, I'm just gonna kill you.
Marine: Lunch time?  What are you talking about? It's almost time for Portgas D. Ace's execution...
Aokiji: Yeah, I know.  Don't you have a sense of humor?
Marine: Please hurry!
Kizaru: Calling us out at noon... We sure are being worked hard lately.
Narrator: Admiral Kizaru
Usopp: Zoro! W-What?!  Who are you?! You...  Get away! Get away from Zoro, you freak!
Brook: Z-Zoro-san! Zoro-san was hit by a beam!
Robin: Kizaru?! Be careful!  That man is a Navy admiral!
Brook: Admiral?!
Kizaru: Take yourself a long rest...
Luffy: Zoro!!!
Franky: Hey, he can fire beams too! This is bad!  We've gotta do something! If he's hit at such a close range, he'll die!
Luffy: Oh no!  Zoro's in trouble!
Usopp: You...  Stop it! Why, you...! Damn it!  Why?! I can't hit him!
Brook: I can't stab him either!  What do we do?!
Usopp: Damn! You... Move your leg!
Brook: Please move!
Kizaru: That's no use. I ate the Pika-Pika fruit, I'm a light man. I'm a Logia.
Franky: Light man?!
Nami: You're kidding, right?!  He's gonna die!
Chopper: Zoro!  Run!
Kizaru: I won't let you get away. It's useless. You'll die now. So, now you decide to appear... The "Dark King", Rayleigh.
Luffy: Pops!
Rayleigh: I won't let you take out these youngsters. Their era is only beginning!
Kizaru: Although I guess it can't be helped, seeing as Whitebeard is on the move...
Narrator: And the most radical emissary of justice... Admiral Akainu. The Navy's greatest combat force, the three admirals... and the Seven Warlords of the Sea... These mighty adversaries are what stand between Luffy and Marineford.
Marine: Three hours left before the execution. We will now take the criminal to the execution stand. It's time.
Narrator: 50 warships. 100 000 marines. The Seven Warlords of the Sea, and the three admirals, Akainu, Aokiji and Kizaru. When all the world's greatest forces have gathered... Fleet Admiral Sengoku reveals the shocking truth!
