Title: The Time of the Showdown Approaches! The Navy's Mightiest Battle Formation is Complete!
Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew, and is heading for Navy HQ, in order to rescue his captured brother, Ace. Now, only three hours remain before the execution of Portgas D. Ace...
Guard: Stand up. Climb.
Man: Three hours left...  I wonder if Whitebeard's already shown himself? He's a relic from before the Great Pirate Era. He's probably gone senile by now. So, if he does appear, what then? He's been around for ages. Do you really think Navy HQ can be defeated? Hey!  Hey!  I want some booze!  Old man!
Salesman: You think I'm gonna work the pub on a day like this?! War might break out, you know! Go home!  If the world's still here tomorrow, I'll open the pub then!
Man: Then please, just sell me some booze!
Pirate: Don't think of him as just some old guy.  He's as strong as ever. We saw him a year ago, he was just sitting there... and we gave up all hope in our own lives.
Man: Is Whitebeard really such a terrifying pirate?
Kids: The pirate Whitebeard, scarier than the Devil!
Narrator: On the island of Navy HQ, Marineford... there is a village where the marines' families live. All the citizens have been ordered to evacuate. From their new haven in the Sabaody Archipelago, the citizens eagerly watch the execution via monitors. Reporters and cameramen have gathered from all over the world... to watch and keep the rest of the world informed.
Man: Navy HQ has put all their forces into this...
Narrator: All the Navy ships sent out to scout have been sunk... Nobody has seen any trace of Whitebeard. The tension at Marineford keeps building. Less than three hours remain before the execution.
Garp: I can't take it!  Is this really necessary?
Sengoku: This is much more than just the execution of a single pirate. Do you have any idea how much this will affect the world? That's why it's necessary. You're part of this, and as such, you carry a huge responsibility! Don't forget that, Garp!
Marine: Hurry and get ready!
Marine Commander: Show no fear! Whatever happens, only three hours remain... then all of this will be over!
Marines: YEAH!
Narrator: In all, more than 100,000 marines have gathered from all over the world. Fifty battleships encircle the crescent-shaped bay, and within the bay, countless cannons are ready. The front row of the troops can be seen from the port... including the five rogues who could decide the outcome of this war... members of the Seven Warlords of the Sea.
Marine: That's... the Admirals! Why do I feel so intimidated?
Narrator: Below the execution platform, Navy HQ's most powerful combat force stand guard... The three Navy Admirals! Right now... all the world's forces of justice... await the Whitebeard Pirates... to prevent them from rescuing Ace.
Ace: Listen up, Luffy! We will definitely live life without regrets!
Luffy: Yeah!
Ace: Someday, we will set out to sea, and live life the way we want to! With more freedom than anyone else!
Luffy: I see it! Hey!  Jinbei! I can see the Gate of Justice! That was fast!
Jinbei: No, we're actually pretty late! If the wind had been more favorable, we would have arrived sooner! Although...
Marine: I'm warning you now... Unless we open the Gates of Justice, you will not be able to reach Marineford, nor will you be able to escape from the Tarai Current. There is no sea to escape to, nor anywhere else to go.
Jinbei: So, how are we going to get through that gate?
Buggy: My men!  It's almost time! Time for what?
Prisoners: TIME FOR CAPTAIN BUGGY TO RULE THE WORLD!
Buggy: Indeed, my comrades!
Prisoners: Who cares about Navy HQ?! Who cares about Whitebeard?!
Buggy: Who will become the Pirate King?
Prisoners: CAPTAIN BUGGY!
Buggy: Indeed, my comrades!
Prisoners: Buggy!  Buggy!
Luffy: Ace...
Man: Hey, look!  There's Fire-Fist Ace!
Marine: That's...  the man who might cause a war that changes the world!
Marine 2: He also holds the fate of the world in his hands!
Sengoku: I'm gonna make an announcement.  That okay with you, Garp?
Garp: Do whatever you want.  I'll be down there.
Sengoku: Give us some room.
Executioners: Yes, Sir!
Marine: Fleet Admiral Sengoku!
Marine 2: What?
Sengoku: Give me the Snail Phone. I have an announcement for you all. Portgas D. Ace... The death of this man today, holds great significance.
Tsuru: You've done nothing wrong.
Garp: Women are supposed to be sympathetic at times like this, Tsuru-chan.
Sengoku: Ace.  Tell me the name of your father!
Man: His father?
Ace: My father is Whitebeard.
Sengoku: Not true!
Ace: It is!  My father is Whitebeard!  I have no other father!
Sengoku: Years ago, we put all our resources into searching for a man. We suspected that he might have a child on a certain island. We relied entirely on this possibility, and Cipher Pol's vague information. Children who had just been born... Children who were about to be born... We thoroughly investigated all the mothers but we couldn't find him. But I suppose that was to be expected. Your mother risked her life to deliver you safely. She performed a special trick, which she pulled off through sheer willpower. She deceived our eyes...  No, the eyes of the whole world! In South Blue, there is an island called Baterilla. Your mother's name is Portgas D. Rouge. She managed to defy common sense with sheer willpower to protect her child. She carried her child in her womb for 20 whole months.
Marine: What is he saying?
Sengoku: She used all of her strength and as soon as she gave birth to you, she died. A year and three months after the father's death... a child was born, carrying the blood of the most evil man in the world. That child was you! I'm sure you already know...
Roger: A newborn child bears no sin. Garp. Take care of my child.
Sengoku: Your father is... the Pirate King, Gold Roger!
Man: Fire-Fist Ace...  is Gold Roger's son?!
Reporter: This is huge news! Call the main office right away!  We're releasing an extra for this!
Reporter 2: So, it still lives... The... The blood of the Pirate King lives on!
Narrator: The secret of Ace's origin has been revealed. His father Roger's feelings, and his mother Rouge's strong will lay behind it all. And, at Marineford, Whitebeard's fleet silently approaches.
