Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew, and is now hurrying toward Navy HQ... to stop his brother Ace from being executed.
Luffy: Ace...
Narrator: Three hours remain until the execution. The Navy's combined forces are stationed at Marineford, anticipating the arrival of the Whitebeard Pirates.
Sengoku: Ace.  Tell me the name of your father!
Ace: My father is Whitebeard.
Sengoku: Not true! Your mother's name is Portgas D. Rouge. A year and three months after the father's death... a child was born, carrying the blood of the most evil man in the world. That child was you! Your father is... the Pirate King, Gold Roger!
Reporter: So it still lives... The... The blood of the Pirate King lives on! That villain had a child?!
Reporter 2: The legend of Gold Roger lives on!
Slave-trader: I wonder how much I could've sold him for, if I'd caught him and put him up at the auction?
Man: This execution is quite the show!
Hancock: So he isn't Luffy's real brother?
Marine 1: Roger's...
Marine 2: Son?
Moria: So his biological son lives on?  What a miracle. Anyone who had a connection to Roger back then should have already been sentenced!
Coby: Since he's Luffy-san's brother, I assumed Dragon was his father, too...
Helmeppo: I thought so too!  What's going on here? Does this mean they aren't really brothers?
Roger: Garp. Garp. Can you believe this, Garp? A child's about to be born... My child. Unfortunately, I'll have left this world by the time that happens.
Garp: And why are you telling this to me, a marine? Roger! The mother of that child, and any woman with ties to you, will undoubtedly be executed!
Roger: That's why I told you. The government is sure to figure out where I've been this past year. They'll find her, and then they'll kill her. But a newborn child bears no sin. Garp!  You and I have nearly killed each other countless times. I trust you as much as I would a member of my own crew! Protect him for me.
Garp: Don't try that selfish crap on me!
Roger: No, I know you'll do it! Take care of my child!
Marine cmdr: And you're sure this is the island?
Marine: Roger was spotted here, but he was behaving uncharacteristically. He was acting almost like a father.
Marine cmdr: Roger's era is over. We must eradicate all traces of his bloodline. You will investigate every child born during the ten months following his imprisonment. Investigate all pregnant women, as well. Kill any mother who seems suspicious.
Marine: Five children were born this month. The following are expected to give birth next month...
Rouge: Not yet.
Marine cmdr: Investigate those with husbands, too. It could be a bluff.
Marine: When our suspicions are cleared, you can have her back.
Rouge: Not yet.  It's still too soon. You can't be born yet. I'm sorry. Not yet. Not yet. Not yet. Not yet... Not yet... Not yet.
Marine: There are no more pregnant women here. It's been ten months since Roger's capture. Maybe there was no child, after all?
Marine 2: So Roger's age is really over, then?
Doctor: Stop!
Garp: You're Portgas D. Rouge, aren't you?
Rouge: If it's a girl, her name will be Ann. If it's a boy, Ace. That's what he decided. This child's name is Gol D. Ace. It's his child... and mine. Ace...
Doctor: Rouge!
Garp: You take care of him, Dadan!
Dadan: No way...! Whose kid is that?
Luffy: Dadan?
Garp: That's right.  From now on, this is where you'll be living.
Luffy: Huh?
Garp: You're going to be living with these guys.  Try to get along with them.
Ace: As annoying as it is, both me and Luffy carry the blood of a world-renowned criminal. Even though I owe my mother a debt of gratitude and took the name "Portgas"... I still can't stand the thought that I carry the blood of that worthless father of mine. Gramps... My old man is... Whitebeard. And no one else.
Tsuru: Garp...
Sengoku: It's been two years now, hasn't it? Since you took the name of your mother, formed the Spade Pirates, and ventured to the seas with formidable strength and speed. At that point, we finally realized. We had not stopped Roger's bloodline! But Whitebeard, who realized it at the same time we did, decided to raise you to become the next Pirate King, and let the son of his old rival on to his own ship!
Ace: That's not true! I got on that ship so I could make the old man the Pirate King!
Sengoku: You're the only one who thinks that! We were careful not to act recklessly... You were under Whitebeard's protection! But left unchecked, you'd undoubtedly inspire a new generation of pirates. That is why your execution here today carries such great significance. Even if we must go to war against Whitebeard!
Marine: Fleet Admiral Sengoku! Reporting in! The Gates of Justice are opening, but nobody's ordered them to! We can't get in touch with the engine room, either!
Sengoku: What?!
Luffy: Maybe they'll open if I just punch them?
Mr. 3: Yeah, we could try knocking on the door... WAIT!  DO YOU REALLY THINK THEY'LL BE SO ACCOMMODATING?!
Luffy: They opened!
Jinbei: What's going on here?!
Man: The Gates of Justice are opening on their own!
Jinbei: The engine room is most likely inside Marineford.  Who could have done this?
Buggy: Here it comes!  It is time! I know it! How?  Because my shoulder blades are dancing a Lambada of rapture! Here it comes!  It's coming!  It is time!
Prisoner: C-Captain Buggy, it can't be...!
Buggy: The time has come!
Prisoner: Don't tell me, you're...!
Prisoner 2: I never realized you were actually God's messenger!
Luffy: Seriously?!  Buggy!
Mr. 3: Of course it's not true!  There must be some sort of trick here!
Buggy: He's right... Who the hell opened the Gate?! No...!  Could Heaven itself want to make me the Pirate King?!
Luffy: Well, whatever.  Let's go!
Hancock: It is quiet.
Doflamingo: Unnaturally quiet, if you ask me.
Pirate: Well, shall we begin?
Marine: They're here!
Marine 2: All troops, prepare for battle!
Sengoku: They appeared so suddenly!  But where did they come from?!
Marine: It's a huge fleet of pirate ships!
Marine 2: Where is Whitebeard?  Find him! Douma, the Bohemian Knight! Thunder Lord McGuy! The DeCalvan brothers! Whirl Spider Squad! Every one of these mighty figures... They're all captains renowned throughout the New World! 43 ships in all! I still can't see Whitebeard or his Commanders... But these pirates are definitely allied with Whitebeard!
Pirate: Can you see Ace-chan?
Pirate 2: There he is!  Ace!
Tsuru: Don't get thrown off by this!  You're all hopeless!
Ace: All of you...!
Marine: Shall we attack them?
Marine 2: No, wait.  Whitebeard's around here somewhere! He must be waiting for the right time.  Keep your eyes on the water!
Doflamingo: Now it's getting interesting!  I'm really getting excited here! Hurry and show up, Whitebeard!
Sengoku: It can't be!
Marine: Where is he coming from?
Garp: Well, he sure picked one amazing place to show up!
Tsuru: We never considered this!
Marine: There's a shadow beneath the surface!
Marine 2: No way!
Sengoku: So that's how they did it? They coated their entire fleet and came here along the bottom of the sea!
Marine: It's the Moby Dick!
Narrator: The Moby Dick has surfaced right in the center of Marineford. On deck, Whitebeard and his 14 Commanders are lined up for battle. The Whitebeard Pirates head straight for Ace. There is an unbroken bond between them and Ace, as strong as family.
