Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew, and is now hurrying toward Navy HQ... to prevent his brother Ace from being executed.
Sengoku: It can't be!
Garp: Well, he sure picked one amazing place to show up!
Tsuru: We never considered this!
Marine: There's a shadow beneath the surface!
Sengoku: So that's how they did it? They coated their entire fleet and came here along the bottom of the sea!
Marine: It's the Moby Dick! No way! Even more of them? Three more of Whitebeard's ships have appeared! They've broken into the bay! T-That's... The Commander of the First Division, Marco! All 14 Commanders are here!
Whitebeard: How many decades since we last met, Sengoku?
Sengoku: Whitebeard!
Whitebeard: I take it my beloved son... is still doing well?
Sengoku: How could you get in here so easily...?!
Ivankov: Vwe've made it past the gates! Now then, Vi wonder if vyou and Ace-boy's father will show up.
Luffy: Ace's father?
Ivankov: Since his son Ace is about to be executed, Vi'm sure Dragon will do something!
Luffy: Oh, me and Ace don't have the same dad. My dad is Dragon... but Ace's dad is Gold Roger.
Ivankov: WHAT?!
Luffy: It's pretty amazing, but I heard they never actually met. Although, Ace will probably get mad at me for telling you.
Pirates: WHAT?!
Luffy: Oh, yeah.  This is a secret, by the way.
Pirates: WHAAAT?!
Whitebeard: Wait just a little longer, Ace.
Ace: Old man!
Marine: W-What? A crack... in the air?!
Coby: What kind of blast is that?!
Helmeppo: Not good!  Look at the size of that wave!
Sengoku: A seaquake?!  He can make even the oceans shake?!
Marine: There's one on the other side, too!
Coby: Is this Whitebeard's power?!
Ace: I'm going on ahead!
Luffy: Take care, Ace!
Ace: Sure!  So long, Luffy!
Luffy: Yeah!  When I set out to sea in three years, I'll have gotten even stronger!
Ace: Yeah!
Luffy: Ace!
Ace: Now, let's go cause some trouble!
Garp: That kid...!  He went and became a pirate?!
Pirate: A pirate ship!  It's a flag I've never seen before!
Marine: This is a pirate who's been growing in strength recently.
Sengoku: D?  Where did he come from?!
Marine: We aren't certain of his origins yet, but he's a rookie who wields the power of a Logia Devil Fruit!
Whitebeard: A kid with some strength has shown up in the Grand Line!
Thatch: It seems he turned down an offer to join the Seven Warlords.
Whitebeard: How old are these kids? Why do the young ones always have to be in such a hurry?
Pirate: Are you serious, Captain?!
Ace: I want to meet him, no matter what! Red Hair Shanks!
Shanks: The Spade Pirates? The famous Super Rookies... have come for me?
Ace: No, that's not what I'm here for! My little brother owes you his life and he never stops talking about you! I just wanted to meet you and say thanks.
Shanks: You mean Luffy?! I never knew he had a brother! I see.  I'm glad you came! Please, tell me more! Let's have a party! Really?  He still talks about becoming the Pirate King?
Ace: It's pretty much his catchphrase. Well, I feel bad for Luffy... since I'm the one who's going to be the Pirate King!
Shanks: Oh, is that so?
Ace: First, I'll make every sea recognize my strength!
Shanks: Oh?  And how are you going to do that?
Ace: I'm gonna defeat the so-called strongest man in the world!
Shanks: You're gonna take Whitebeard's head?
Ace: Hey, big guy!  I wanna meet this Whitebeard!
Jinbei: I'm not going to allow a kid with murderous intent to see the old man!
Pirate: Captain!  That's Jinbei!
Ace: Really?  One of the Seven Warlords? Well, that's gonna be a problem.
Jinbei: I may not be a member of the Whitebeard Pirates... but I feel it is my duty to face you!
Pirate: It's been five days, and they're still fighting! They might both die at this rate! Ace! What's that?!
Whitebeard: Where's the kid who wants to take my head? As you wish, I'll take you on!
Pirate: It's the Whitebeard Pirates!
Whitebeard: I'll take care of this myself.
Ace: You guys! TL Note: Flaming Net
Pirate: Captain!  Captain Ace, what are you doing?!
Ace: Run, you guys!
Pirate: Captain!
Whitebeard: What?  You gonna run away now?
Ace: I'm letting my crew escape. I stand in their place... I won't run!
Whitebeard: What a cheeky little brat you are!
Ace: This is the man whose strength rivaled his... I'm...
Whitebeard: You still tryin' to stand up? I'd hate to see you die here, kid. If you still want to fight, then take my name and roam the seas wild and free! Become my son!
Ace: You've gotta be kidding me!
Thatch: Hey! I'm Commander of the Fourth Division... Thatch! Since you're joining our crew, I think we should be friends.
Ace: Shut up!
Thatch: You sure woke up in a bad mood. Oh, yeah.  Do you want to know what happened after you passed out? Your companions came to get you back... so we beat them all. What?  It's not like they're dead. We're keeping them here on this ship.
Ace: Are you sure you should leave me like this, without any locks or shackles or anything?
Thatch: Shackles?  We don't need those!
Pirate: Hey, hey, what d'ya think your doing? You should be more considerate at this time of night! Hey, he fell overboard! And he can't swim, either! Someone, go save him!
Vista: Every day he does this.  He has real persistence.
Pirate: More than a hundred times now, isn't it? Yup, pretty sure it is.
Ace: You guys... Why do you call him your father, anyway?
Marco: Because he calls us his sons. To the rest of the world we're all just outcasts. It makes us happy. It's just a word, but it makes us happy! Hey, how long are you gonna keep risking your life like this? Make up your mind already! You can't possibly take the old man's head the way that you are now. Are you gonna get off this ship and start over... or are you gonna stay here... and accept Whitebeard's mark?
Ace: You're Douma, right?
Pirate: Wow!  Ace did it again! He made Douma's crew surrender, all on his own!
Ace: Me, become the Second Division Commander?
Pirate: We've been missing one for a long time. The others would surely accept you!
Ace: You've been here a lot longer than me, right?  Are you sure it's okay?
Blackbeard: It's fine, don't worry about it. I don't have that kind of ambition anyway. Go ahead, Commander Ace!
Ace: Old man, can I come in?
Whitebeard: Really?  What a surprise! So, that's how it is? You don't really act like Roger, though...
Ace: Weren't you two enemies? You're not gonna throw me out?
Whitebeard: When you said you had something important to talk about, I thought it would be bigger than this... It doesn't matter who your parents were.  Everyone is a child of the sea.
Marco: And now, Ace is officially the Second Division Commander! Hey, this celebration is for you!  Why are you spacing out? Here!
Thatch: Here you go. Hey, hey!  The food isn't gonna run away, you know! Besides, the party's in your honor, you know...
Pirate: HE FELL ASLEEP!
Man: Looks like another incredible man has joined Whitebeard's crew. They say he's unbelievably strong!
Pirates: The Second Division is here to back us up! Ace!
Ace: You alright, Thatch?
Thatch: Yeah, thanks!
Pirate: Your bounty's increased again!
Ace: Yeah.
Thatch: Ace, I found something interesting!
Ace: Oh, ain't that a Devil Fruit?
Thatch: I don't know what fruit it is yet, though.
Pirate: Stop it, Ace!  Calm down! The old man said he'd make an exception, just this once! You don't have to chase after Teach!
Ace: Let me go!  He was a member of my division! If I just ignore this, Thatch won't be able to rest in peace!
Whitebeard: Ace. It's fine, just this once. I have a weird feeling about this.
Ace: He killed a crewmate and escaped! After living under your protection for so many years... he just spat right in your face! Above all else, he tarnished his father's name. You think I can just ignore that? I'll settle this!
Marco: Hey, wait!  Come back, Ace! Ace!
Marine: It's quieted down... What were those tremors?
Ace: Old man... All of you... I ignored your orders and ran off!  Why didn't you just abandon me?! This only happened because I was so stubborn!
Whitebeard: No... I was the one who told you to go... my son.
Narrator: All the pieces are in place. Whitebeard's immense power creates a tsunami... that will engulf peace, justice, and everyone in Marineford. The battle to decide the era begins, at last!
