Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew, and is now hurrying toward Navy HQ... to prevent his brother Ace from being executed. At the same time, at Navy HQ in Marineford, the world's mightiest pirate, Whitebeard, has finally shown himself.
Marine: A crack... in the air?!
Sengoku: A seaquake?!  He can make even the oceans shake?!
Ace: I'm...
Whitebeard: You still tryin' to stand up? I'd hate to see you die here, kid. If you still want to fight, then take my name and roam the seas wild and free! Become my son!
Ace: You've gotta be kidding me! You guys... Why do you call him your father, anyway?
Marco: Because he calls us his sons. To the rest of the world we're all just outcasts. It makes us happy. It's just a word, but it makes us happy!
Ace: You're lying!  Don't be ridiculous! You tried to stop me back then, but I...!
Whitebeard: I told you to go! I told him to go.  Ain't that right, Marco?
Marco: Yeah, I heard it too.  We sent you into a lot of trouble, huh, Ace? This entire ocean should know... what happens when someone... harms one of our crewmates.
Namur: Anyone who hurts you won't be allowed to live, Ace!
Rakuyou: Hang on!  We're coming for you, right now!
Blenheim: Prepare yourselves, Navy HQ!
Aokiji: He's gathered quite an impressive group, huh?
Akainu: What are they going on about?
Kizaru: I've got a bad feeling about this.
Moria: We have the strength of Navy HQ's greatest force, the Three Admirals, plus we Seven Warlords, and 100,000 soldiers! Our opponents are the Whitebeard Pirates and the 40-odd ships backing them! So what are you gonna do, Whitebeard?!
Doflamingo: I'm getting really excited here! And you're planning to stay on the sidelines again? I bet you just came to pass the time, didn't you? Do whatever you want.
Hancock: Everywhere I look, all I see are insufferable, scruffy men... Though he is also a man, he is different. I just hope you are alright, Luffy!
Marine: H-Hey! What's up? The water level is... What's going on?
Prisoner: What?  What's going on?!
Okama: The ship is being pushed backwards by a tremendous force!
Buggy: Is this even be possible?!  We were just moving forward smoothly a second ago, too!
Mr. 3: Why did this happen...?
Buggy: Ah!  My nether regions!
Luffy: We were moving slowly before, but at least we were moving forward! What's going on?!
Jinbei: This is...
Buggy: W-We finally stopped... What was all that?!
Mr. 3: We were thrown back quite a distance...
Buggy: Who knows when we'll reach Marineford at this rate?
Ivankov: W-What?
Luffy: Hey!  Jinbei! Try to hurry up!  Please!  We have to get there before Ace is executed!
Jinbei: Do not worry, Luffy-kun.  We will definitely get there in time!
Luffy: Really?
Buggy: Hey, hey! You sure seem confident! Do you think Fishman Karate is gonna work here? Or are you gonna summon up whale sharks to help us again?
Jinbei: My power will not help us here.
Buggy: Really?  Then whose power are you gonna use?
Luffy: He said we'd make it!  So I'm sure we will!
Buggy: "He said we'd make it!  So I'm sure we will!" Just do whatever you want! I don't get this at all. I'm going to sleep.
Prisoner: Is it really okay to just mope around like this? What happened to your dream of taking over the world, Captain Buggy?
Buggy: Yeah, well... If the era needs me, I'm sure a miracle will make it happen. But if the world's not ready, I can only wait until my time comes.
Prisoner: Y-You're just gonna give up? I'm disappointed in you, damn it! Guys, did your eyes fall out or something?! Huh? I mean, can't you see how our captain is brimming with confidence?!
Mr.3: Uh, I definitely don't see that...
Prisoner: He is truly calm and focused! This is the kingly attitude of someone worthy of ruling the world! Now that you mention it, it truly is amazing!
Mr. 3: Nope, can't see it at all.
Buggy: It's not like miracles can keep occurring this way... If nobody has a plan then what can we do, except wait? Seriously...
Prisoner: The flow of the water has changed... We've started moving forward!
Luffy: Did you do something?
Jinbei: I'm just holding the wheel.
Pirate: The ship is picking up a lot of speed! C-Could this be...?!
Buggy: W-What?!  What happened?!
Pirates: Captain Buggy!  The miracle that you predicted has come!
Mr. 3: I doubt it... Sigh...
Luffy: I don't know what's going on, but let's just press forward! Go!
Buggy: Did you see that, men?! The era is calling out to me! Telling me to come and take over the world!
Prisoner: I knew it, you truly are amazing!  You're no ordinary man! YEAH!  CAPTAIN BUGGY!
Luffy: Right!  Now, we might make it after all!
Prisoner: H-Hey!  Look at that!
Buggy: W-What is THAT?!
Jango: They suddenly fell silent...
Fullbody: Are they waiting for Whitebeard's orders?
Coby: I-I almost can't breathe!
Marine: Now the water level is rapidly rising! W-What?!
Moria: What are these tremors?!
Garp: Here it comes.  The seaquake that he set off earlier... is coming back as a tsunami! Gura Gura: Sound of shaking The earthquake-man, who ate the Gura Gura Fruit... "Whitebeard", Edward Newgate!
Marine: What is that?! It's a tsunami!  It's huge!
Sengoku: We might have him outnumbered, but don't assume that it guarantees victory... It's possible that we will be the ones to meet our end! That man... has the power to destroy the world!
Man: It's starting... The war!
WB Pirates: Let's go!
Narrator: Whitebeard and his fleet of 47 pirate ships from the New World are attacking. Standing against them are the Government's two greatest forces: Navy HQ and the Seven Warlords of the Sea. Regardless who wins, regardless who loses... the era will change.
Marine: It's a tsunami!
Doflamingo: What power!  He truly is a legendary monster!
Whitebeard: Aokiji... Young fool!
Jango: H-He stopped it!
Helmeppo: H-He saved us!
Coby: Admiral Kuzan...
Aokiji: Oh, my...
Pirate: He froze the entire bay! It's impossible for the ships to move!
Marine: W-We have Navy HQ's strongest force, the Admirals, on our side! T-That's right!  We have no reason to fear the Whitebeard Pirates! Yeah!
Marine Cmdr: Fire! Destroy the Moby Dick!
Pirate: Now, let's go! We've got some solid ground to stand on!
Vista: Show them what we can do!
Pirate: The Admirals have joined the fight!  Don't stop attacking!
Smoker: We're gonna intercept them!
Tashigi: Yes! That's the Commander of the Whitebeard Pirates' Fifth Division... Flower Blade Vista!
Smoker: Don't drop your guard, Tashigi! Don't forget, these guys may be no match for the Admirals, but they are all still mighty warriors!
Tashigi: I understand, Smoker-san!
Pirate: How nice of them to freeze the ocean! I was so fired up that it was getting too hot for me! Let's crush these guys and enter the bay! Guess it won't be that easy... The Vice Admirals of Navy HQ are here, too! I've never seen so many of the Vice Admirals together in one place! It's just like a Buster Call! But when they're up against the Old Man, or us, they're nothing special!
Vice Admiral: Tsuru-san, stand back! Yeah.  We'll handle things here; you can just go somewhere safe and have a cup of tea or something.
Tsuru: Don't be ridiculous, youngsters!
Squad: Even if I retreated to the ends of the sea, there's no such thing as a safe place anymore. Ground the ship on the frozen bay! Take 'em all down! Our destination is the bay!  Advance! For the Old Man, I'd gladly sacrifice my own life! Bring it on, Navy HQ! Let's go, Squardo Pirates!
Pirates: Yeah!
Sengoku: It has finally begun.
Marine: Dracule Mihawk! The Seven Warlords are finally taking action!
Kizaru: Now, that's unusual...
Akainu: So, the reserved Hawk-Eye is ready to fight...
Doflamingo: Huh, what's this?  You're gonna fight now?
Mihawk: I merely wish to measure... to see for myself... the true distance between us and that man.
Hancock: They say that even the most skilled fighters... are struck by fear and left unable to move, when they see those eyes... The title of Hawk-Eye suits him well.
Vista: I always wanted to meet him... The man is regarded as the greatest swordsman in the world. All swordsmen instinctively long to fight him.
Smoker: So, that's the famous Black Blade.
Tashigi: To be precise... Kokutou Yoru: Black Blade Night Kokutou Yoru. One of the Supreme Grade swords, there are only 12 of them in the entire world. Its jet-black blade has an irregular temper line and a double clove pattern. It's a named blade suitable for the world's greatest swordsman.
Pirate: Hawk-Eye!
Narrator: Mihawk and Kizaru concentrate their attacks on Whitebeard. The Whitebeard Pirates' Commanders counter these attacks by striking back with their own abilities. On a battlefield where nobody has a moment to think... Admiral Akainu finally unleashes his fearful power!
