Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew... and is hurrying toward Navy HQ... to save his brother Ace, who is about to be executed. Meanwhile, the Whitebeard Pirates have attacked Navy HQ in Marineford, and an all-out war against the Navy has begun.
Oars: Ace-kun...
Ace: Oars!!!
Whitebeard: Charge across Oars!
Helmeppo: What's that?
Ivankov: Vmy heart feels like it's gonna burst!
Buggy: Hey, Partner!  Can't you do anything?!
Mr. 3: How is my wax power gonna help us here?!
Narrator: Why are Luffy and the others falling from the sky? To answer that, we must turn back the clock a little. Their warship had been tossed around by the force of Whitebeard's seaquake.
Prisoner: The ship is quickly gaining speed! H-Hey!  Look at that!
Buggy: What is that?!
Prisoner: It's a tsunami! It's huge!  It's gonna swallow us up!
Jinbei: Considering the rapid ebb earlier and the tsunami now, this must be...
Luffy: H-Hey, Jinbei!  If this continues... I can't get killed by some tsunami out here! I... I've gotta save Ace!
Jinbei: Pull in the sails! Luffy-kun!  We'll hold steady and ride the wave!
Prisoner: You're not gonna avoid it?!
Buggy: What're you talking about, you damn fish-brain?! Turn the damn wheel already!
Jinbei: Hey!  Would you cut it out?!
Prisoner: If we don't hurry it up, it'll be too late! Jump overboard! Help!  Somebody help!
Crocodile: How many years have you been pirates? Are you complete amateurs?! If we recklessly change course now, we'll capsize immediately. There's only one way out of this.
Jinbei: He's right. Hold on tight, or you'll be pulled off by the wave!
Luffy: Dammit!
Prisoner: Hurry! Doesn't matter what!  Just grab on to something!
Luffy: What was that?
Prisoner: The wave stopped! What happened?!
Buggy: What the hell is this?! We're trapped in ice!  Now we can't go anywhere at all!
Jinbei: The only one who could've done this is...
Crocodile: Take a look below.  There's your answer.
Jinbei: Old Whitebeard...
Ivankov: The battle has already begun!
Jinbei: As I thought, this tsunami was your declaration of war... And Admiral Aokiji must have frozen it.
Luffy: Listen up, you guys! I've got an idea how we can get past this! Now that we've made it this far, we have to hurry! We've got less than three hours till they execute Ace!
Buggy: Yeah, so? What?! He wants us to slide the ship down the frozen wave?
Luffy: That's our only choice!  First off, we have to break the ship out of the ice!
Mr. 3: Are you an idiot?!  This is a warship!  It's not gonna move that easily!
Buggy: That's right, you moron!
Luffy: If we work together, I know we can do this!
Buggy: I'm starting to feel like we really can...
Prisoner: That's right!  We've got the man who's gonna conquer the world, Captain Buggy, on our side! If the Captain says we can do it, then I know we can!
Voice: Calling all ships and troops. Our target is site TOTTZ. Change formation and initiate Operation Three.
Prisoner: It's a broadcast of the Navy's plans...
Voice: Make haste with the preparations.
Prisoner: TOT... What was that about? Dunno... Probably some sort of code.
Voice: Once the preparations are complete, we'll push the schedule forward and execute Ace! Over!
Jinbei: Luffy-kun...
Luffy: Let's hurry!
Ivankov: Vwe can't wait any longer.  There's no time to argue about this! Everyone!  Vwe're going with Straw-Hat-boy's idea!
Everyone: Go!
Buggy: H-Hey!
Everyone: Wrong way!
Narrator: That brings us back to the present, where Luffy and the others are falling.
Man: What happened?!  Was that a warship falling out of the sky?!
Prisoner: It's water... We're saved. We fell into the sea. I thought we were gonna crash into the ice and die. Why is there no ice in this one spot?
Pirate: Look!  A warship just fell into the hole left by the iceblock Jozu threw! Was it a Navy sneak attack? No... Those guys aren't marines!
Prisoner: Climb up!  Get higher! This ain't nothing compared to the water torture in Hell!
Jinbei: I swear, these Devil Fruit users...
Luffy: Where am I... I see... I fell from all the way up there... Ace! Where are you?! Where are you, Ace?! Ace!
Marines: Climb aboard the ship!
Luffy: So he's not over here? Where are you, Ace?! Wait for me, Ace!  I'll be right there! Get outta my way! Ace! Ace... Ace!!!
Ace: Luffy!!!
Luffy: Ace!!! I finally found you!
Ace: Luffy!
Luffy: Ace!  Wait for me, I'm...
Marines: Hey!  Is that... Crocodile! That's not who I meant!  Who's that huge-faced guy?
Ivankov: Vi'd expect no less from the Navy's full force.  They're not to be underestimated.
Buggy: Get ready for me, world!
Luffy: Ace!  I'm here to save you! We're all here to save you!
Sengoku: Garp!  It's your damn family again!
Garp: Luffy!
Marine: Look!  It's not only Straw Hat! Jinbei!  And even Ivankov from the Revolutionary Army! And behind them is a horde of history's most notorious pirates! They're the Impel Down escapees!
Mihawk: The man who everybody talks about.  Straw Hat.
Moria: Straw... Hat...
Fullbody: What's he doing here?!
Jango: That's not his usual crew, is it?
Hancock: Luffy!  I am so glad you are safe!
Coby: You have to see this, Helmeppo-san!
Helmeppo: What is it?  Nothing is gonna surprise me anym- Straw Hat!
Coby: And I heard he'd been imprisoned in Impel Down!  He really is amazing!
Aokiji: That's one hell of a team he brought with him.
Kizaru: I didn't think I'd be seeing him again so soon.
Marco: Hey, that's the little brother Ace is always talking about.
Doflamingo: Now we've got all the Warlords here, new and old! And that's the troublemaker rookie, Straw Hat?
Tashigi: Smoker-san, look!
Smoker: I know.
Pirate: You're mine!
Smoker: Straw Hat and Crocodile... Why are they working together?
Gendo Ikari: So that's him... Not only is he the grandson of Garp the Hero... he's also son of the Revolutionary Dragon... We'll have to eliminate him as well.
Sengoku: Of all the things you could have done, you joined forces with Straw Hat Luffy... Is this your answer, Jinbei?!
Jinbei: That's right!  I quit being a Warlord!
Garp: Any way you look at it, that's a strange team...
Buggy: Let's go!
Garp: Prisoners working with a leader of the Revolutionary Army... A bunch of funny-looking people, and then there's... Crocodile. I seriously doubt they all have the same objective. At least, not on this battlefield.
Ivankov: Where's Croco-boy?
Buggy: Huh?  Well, considering the situation... There he is! He's trying to beat me to it!
Marine: Crocodile is moving in on Whitebeard!
Pirate: Old Man!
Crocodile: Long time no see, Whitebeard!
Whitebeard: You never learn, do you?
Crocodile: So you already made preparations to fight me, huh?
Luffy: Once you become wet, you can't turn into sand!
Crocodile: I honored our agreement and helped you to get here. Why are you defending Whitebeard?
Luffy: So this old guy really is Whitebeard? Then don't touch him! Ace likes this old guy!
Marco: You're pretty good, Ace's brother.
Pirate: Don't let him near the Old Man!
Whitebeard: When a man as great as you came back from East Blue missing an arm, everyone was surprised. What sort of enemy did you give it up to? That left arm of yours.
Shanks: I wagered it... on the new era.
Whitebeard: Kid... That straw hat of yours... It looks a lot like the one Red Hair used to wear.
Luffy: You know Shanks, old guy? I'm holding it for Shanks.
Ace: Look at this, Old Man!  This is my little brother!
Whitebeard: Have you come to save your brother?
Luffy: That's right!
Whitebeard: Don't you understand what you're up against?! Someone like you doesn't stand a chance here!
Luffy: Shut up!  That's not for you to decide! I know perfectly well!  You wanna be the Pirate King, don't you?! I'm the one who'll be the Pirate King!
Whitebeard: You're pretty damn cheeky... I won't show mercy if you slow me down, you spoiled brat!
Luffy: I'm doing what I want to do! I'm gonna save Ace myself!
Ivankov: H-He's...
Buggy: standing up to Whitebeard!
Mr. 3: Unbelievable!
Kizaru: I can execute every one of them, right, Sengoku-san?
Sengoku: Of course.
Ace: Luffy... Old Man...
Luffy: Wait for me, Ace! I'll be right there... Here I come!
Narrator: Luffy has landed in Navy HQ and charges into the Navy's forces ahead of everyone else. As Luffy faces violent attacks from the marines, Ace shouts at him to stay away. How does Luffy answer his brother's plea?
