Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew... and in order to rescue his brother Ace from execution, he heads toward the great war between the Whitebeard Pirates and the Navy that has begun at Marineford.
Voice: Calling all ships and troops. Once the preparations are complete, we'll push the schedule forward and execute Ace! Over!
Jinbei: Luffy-kun...
Luffy: Let's hurry!
Everyone: Go!
Buggy: H-Hey!
Everyone: Wrong way!
Luffy: Ace!!!
Marine 1: Hey! Is that...
Marine 2: Crocodile!
Marine 1: That's not who I meant!  Who's that huge-faced guy?
Ivankov: Vi'd expect no less from the Navy's full force.  They're not to be underestimated.
Buggy: Get ready for me, world!
Luffy: Ace!  I'm here to save you! We're all here to save you!
Sengoku: Garp!  It's your damn family again!
Garp: Luffy!
Akainu: Not only is he the grandson of Garp the Hero... he's also the son of the Revolutionary Dragon... We'll have to eliminate him as well.
Ivankov: Where's Croco-boy?
Buggy: Huh?  Well, considering the situation... There he is! He's trying to beat me to it!
Crocodile: Long time no see, Whitebeard!
Whitebeard: You never learn, do you?
Crocodile: I honored our agreement and helped you to get here. Why are you defending Whitebeard?
Luffy: So this old guy really is Whitebeard? Then don't touch him! Ace likes this old guy!
Marco: You're pretty good, Ace's brother.
Whitebeard: Have you come to save your brother?
Luffy: That's right!
Whitebeard: Don't you understand what you're up against?! Someone like you doesn't stand a chance here!
Luffy: Shut up!  That's not for you to decide! I know perfectly well! You wanna be the Pirate King, don't you?! I'm the one who'll be the Pirate King!
Whitebeard: You're pretty damn cheeky... I won't show mercy if you slow me down, you spoiled brat!
Luffy: I'm doing what I want to do! I'm gonna save Ace myself!
Pirate: That guy is... the rookie Straw Hat!
Marine: What kind of connection does he have with Whitebeard?
Helmeppo: I don't get it. Usually after escaping from prison, you go into hiding... Why did he intentionally come to this living hell?!
Coby: Because he's Luffy-san. That's the kind of guy he is.
Ace: Old Man... Luffy...
Whitebeard: So this kid is Straw Hat...
Luffy: Old man.
Whitebeard: Yeah?
Luffy: We heard a message on the warship just now.
Buggy: That numbskull!  He'll rip you to shreds! Idiot!  Idiot!
Ivankov: Such nerve. Vi'd expect no less of his son.
Whitebeard: They're moving Ace's execution time up?
WHitebeard: You're sure that's what they said?
Luffy: After they finish some kind of preparations. Then some code stuff I didn't really get. Since you wanna save Ace, too, I thought I'd tell you!
Whitebeard: I see.  This is rather important news. Sorry about before.
Luffy: Don't worry about it.
Buggy: Why are they having such a friendly chat?!
Luffy: Right! Ace, I'm coming now!
Buggy: How is he so confident?!
Luffy: Move it!
Jozu: So that's Ace's little brother? Don't get in the kid's way! Third Division, start your assault!
Jinbei: We're going too.
Buggy: Seriously?!
Jiru: Fourteenth Division, clear his path!
Pirate: Yes Sir, Commander Jill!
Garp: Luffy...
Sengoku: Just one man's recklessness got them this riled up? Regardless, this won't alter our plans. Don't lose focus! Proceed as instructed!
Whitebeard: That Sengoku... Now he's up against pirates so there's no need to keep the old execution time? These "preparations" he's planning must be the key.
Marco: Old Man! According to a navy transmission, they're going to accelerate Ace's execution.
Whitebeard: Yeah, I heard. What's happening with Squardo?
Marco: He's caught up in a fierce battle with the Vice-Admirals down at the shore. I'll fly down and lend him a hand.
Whitebeard: No, wait. We'll play right into their plans if we start panicking over this leaked information. He's not sloppy. It's no accident. Not coming from that man.
Pirate: Shove through!
Jiru: Light-speed kicks?!
Kizaru: Don't get carried away.  I won't let you through that easily.
Pirate: It's Admiral Kizaru!
Luffy: It's you, from Sabaody!
Kizaru: The Celestial Dragons will be on my case if I let you get away again. Straw Hat Luffy.
Pirate: That Straw Hat guy's about to die!
Buggy: I want to turn back and go home now!
Pirate: What, Captain Buggy?! I can't believe what you're saying!
Buggy: Huh?
Pirate: You wanna turn the tables of this battle?  Are you serious?!
Buggy: Well, I...
Pirate: Nothing less from the legendary sailor! He doesn't even flinch facing Admiral Kizaru!
Buggy: Well, no...
Mr. 3: You guys only hear what you want to hear!
Ivankov: Straw-Hat-boy, are vyou alright?
Luffy: That was close!  Thanks, Iva-chan!
Ivankov: It is vmy mission to protect vyou from death! Kizaru again! Wait, no.  That's... Kuma!
Luffy: That's the bear-guy who sent us all flying!
Ivankov: Bartholomew Kuma! This is terrible! Even though he's standing over with the other Warlords, he's shooting lasers at vme after all vwe've been through together? Vyou!  Here Vi come! Vyo-
Luffy: Iva-chan!
Ivankov: Don't worry about vme! Leave this to vme, and just keep moving!
Luffy: Alright!
Ivankov: Now then...
Fullbody: How unlucky for you to bump into us.
Jango: Straw Hat.  This is where it ends for you!
Luffy: Huh... Who're you?
Fullbody: I'm Fullbody! I still owe you from the floating restaurant Baratie!
Luffy: Ah... the guy who got his ass kicked by Sanji.
Jango: Don't tell me you've forgotten these chakrams?
Luffy: Aren't you that hypnotist from Usopp's village? What are you doing here?
Jango: With the Navy's help, I've perfected... Jango-sama's Hypnotism. Two chakrams.  Twice as effective. With "One, Two, Jango" you will fall asleep.
Hina: What's going on here? Hina disappointed.
Luffy: You... I met you back in Alabasta! I don't have any more time to waste with you guys!
Hina: I won't let you run. Awase Baori: Winter-Kimono Wing-Cage Everything that passes through my body... is locked tight.
Jango: There it is, her signature phrase!
Fullbody: Now you shall be captivated by Madame Hina!
Luffy: I've had enough of being in cages!
Hina: He's fast! I couldn't see him! Hina negligence.
Fullbody: Our negligence too.
Jango: Madame Hina has bound our bodies and our hearts.
Pirate: Don't take on the Vice-Admirals alone! Don't give them a chance to strike back! Captain Squardo! The battle in the bay is getting out of hand!
Squardo: I know! We should hurry up and get to Ace. If we don't get to Ace, then the wall Oars crushed... If we go around and in, we can get the jump on these guys. You...!
Marine: Stop right there!
Luffy: Every single one of these guys is strong!
Moria: Straw Hat! His ability is impressive, as always. That reminds me. I should take his shadow once again, and bring Oars back to life with it. Come out and play, zombie warriors! Now my minions, go and capture Straw Hat!
Luffy: Moria! Another tough guy. Have them back! There's more!
Moria: Of course!  This is a battlefield! People dying simply adds to my zombie army!
Marine: Capture Straw Hat! He's the culprit behind the prison break!
Kizaru: Keep it up! Your opponents are all commissioned officers. How far do you think you will get?
Ace: Luffy... Keep away, Luffy! You oughta know already! You and I are both pirates! You should be out sailing however you want! Me, I have my own adventures! Me, I have my own friends!
Marco: Ace...
Ace: You have no right to interfere with that! A weakling like you coming to rescue me...
Luffy: Move!
Ace: Do you think I'm gonna let that happen?! That would be too humiliating. Go back, Luffy!  Why did you come?! Please, Luffy... I don't want to take you with me! This is my failure.
Luffy: I'm... your brother!
Ace: Didn't ya know? When you exchange sake cups, you become brothers. From today onward, we are brothers!
Marine: Just then, he definitely said "brother"... That means he is also Roger's...? Ace's parents died after he was born! There's no way he can have a younger brother!
Luffy: Those stupid pirate "rules"... I've never heard of them!
Ace: Don't you get it?
Moria: Go, my zombie minions! S-Sea water?
Luffy: Jinbei!
Jinbei: They're weak against salt. Moria, those zombies of yours... Luffy-kun, leave the zombies to me.
Luffy: I'm counting on you.
Marine: Jinbei the Sea Knight! Former Member of the Seven Warlords...
Sengoku: What are you doing? It's only one rookie... Don't let him dictate the entire war this way!
Giant: Out of my way! I'll crush him!
Sengoku: That man will be a danger in the future. He was raised with his sworn brother, Ace. But his actual bloodline makes him the son of the Revolutionary, Dragon!
Marine: The Revolutionary Dragon?! The son of the world's most fearsome criminal?!
Mr. 3: And I know this person!
Buggy: His papa's a big deal!
Helmeppo: He's gone and said it.
Coby: Luffy-san...!
Hancock: Luffy... Knowing you're the child of a demon makes me...
Jinbei: So that's how it is?!
Smoker: I get it now.
Luffy: Bastard!
Smoker: That solves the riddle from Loguetown. That's why Dragon saved him...
Pirate: Did you just hear that?
Citizen: Dragon... The Dragon?!
Reporter: Head Office!  Head Office! This is Sabaody Archipelago. Big news! T-Tell the world!
Marine: We mustn't let him live! Take him down with everything we have!
Garp: Fine. There's no point in hiding it anymore. With a label like that on Luffy, he's too much of an outlaw for me to help. Raising them as brothers was a big mistake!
Luffy: Ace! Say whatever the hell you want! I'm saving you, even if I die!
Jozu: That kid.
Pirate: Only Straw Hat could say that to him! We're Ace's family!
Jiru: Show us that you can save him!
Whitebeard: Marco, don't let him die.
Marco: Roger that.
Ace: Luffy...
Narrator: Luffy and the Whitebeard Pirates continue to charge. When he sees his friends fighting the devil fruit users standing in their way, Ace makes an important decision. Meanwhile, the Navy begins to put its new plan into action.
