Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew... and has finally reached Marineford, where he's trying to save his brother Ace from execution. An intense battle rages as the Navy tries to stop Luffy and the Whitebeard Pirates... as they advance on the execution platform where Ace is held.
Mihawk: Forgive me, Red Hair... I will not go easy on him.
Luffy: He's...! Hawk-Eye!
Mihawk: Now then, fate. Will the life of a promised child from the next generation... end here? If not, how will he escape from the Black Blade?
Luffy: I don't have time to fight someone as strong as him! I came here to save Ace!
Ivankov: That's it, Straw-Hat-boy. Vyou only have to think about moving forward. We'll handle the rest. Don!
Newkama: We'll face this guy! Hawk-Eye!  Do you remember us?! We've both challenged you before! But now we're Newkama, we've powered up!
Mihawk: I don't remember the face of every insect I crush.
Luffy: Almost there!  Just a little further!
Mihawk: You're still in range.
Luffy: That hurt... He cut me!
Jinbei: I would expect no less from Ace-san's brother... He managed to avoid a fatal injury.
Mihawk: The Sea Knight, Jinbei...
Jinbei: I will not let you lay another finger on Luffy-kun, even if it kills me!
Mihawk: Why would you go so far?
Jinbei: I wish to save Ace-san. Even if I can't stop this battle... there is still hope to save our seas. And that hope is Luffy-kun.
Mihawk: I understand.  However, I still cannot see what fate has in store. You will step aside!
Luffy: He really is strong...
Ivankov: Hawk-Eye jumped into the air?!
Luffy: Damn you! Jet Bazoo- That was too close! If I'd stretched my arms, he'd have cut them off!
Mihawk: You aren't as reckless as I expected.
Marine: With just one slash of his sword... He cut that mountain-sized wall of ice!
Coby: So this is what the world's mightiest swordsman is capable of.
Helmeppo: How freakin' strong is this guy?  If he's after Straw Hat, it's all over!
Marine: The ice is falling this way!
Buggy: Silently... Stealthily... Scarily... Let's go, everyone!   It's time to initiate Captain Buggy's Great Plan to Make Himself Known to All the Viewers! I'm sure this war is being broadcast all over the world. There's got to be a Surveillance Snail here somewhere. Search for it...
Prisoners: Yeah...
Mr. 3: It'd be nice if just saying "Search for it" and "Yeah" was enough to find it...
Crocodile: You want me to team up with you?
Doflamingo: Exactly!  The era when Whitebeard and the other old-timers had their way will end very soon. In the new era, power will mean everything on these seas.  It'll be a time for you and me. What do you say, are you in or out? I'd say it's a pretty good deal. They might have stripped you of the title, but we were once fellow Warlords.
Crocodile: Stop talking to me as if we were equals. You mean you want me to be your underling, right?
Doflamingo: Just when I thought Impel Down might have rehabilitated you...
Crocodile: If it had, I wouldn't have gotten out at all. Begone, you damn Flamingo!
Doflamingo: And here I thought you'd listen to reason.
Buggy: As long as I can avoid fighting the marines, this'll all go my way! No trouble at all! No trouble!  No trouble!
Prisoner: Captain Buggy!
Mr. 3: How do you keep getting mixed up in other people's fights like that?!
Smoker: So, you won't move no matter what I say, Hancock?
Hancock: Of course not!  I will not let you hurt my beloved husband!
Smoker: Husband?
Hancock: Yes... My husband! After the wedding ceremony, we'll go on our honeymoon... A sweet, sweet honeymoon together with my beloved Luffy! But if...
Luffy: It's almost time for dinner.
Hancock: But the pantry is empty...
Luffy: There's plenty of food out there, right? My Honey, I'd love to taste your home-made cooking.
Hancock: Yes!  If that is what you want, then wait just a little while. If that were to happen, then I will make enough food to satisfy Luffy's enormous appetite... all on my own!
Amazons: Snake Princess!  Let us handle the cooking for you!
Hancock: Luffy... requested my home-made cooking! Do not interfere!
Luffy: Honey!  Is the food done yet?
Hancock: Here it is.
Amazons: Such dedication!
Hancock: I am prepared for any challenge! Because I am... Because I am... his wife! His wife...
Smoker: I can't tell if she's serious or not... But I will get Straw Hat!
Hancock: I already told you, you insolent low-life! I will never let you pass!
Smoker: Hancock, you...
Mihawk: Now, what will you do? You are being forced further and further away from your brother!
Luffy: Damn!
Mihawk: Is this where it ends?
Buggy: No trouble!
Mihawk: It seems that your fighting power has increased considerably, but I've already seen through all your tricks. From this distance there isn't even a ten thousand to one chance I will miss!
Buggy: No trouble! I'm saved... Hey!  What're you doing, Straw Hat?!
Luffy: What?!  He was the one who cut you! Besides, didn't you just say you'd come to help me?
Buggy: You dumbass!  You only hear what you want to hear! Cut it out! Unforgivable!  You're Hawk-Eye, aren't you?! Now get blown away! Okay, or not. Do you know why the Muggy Ball is so popular with plumbers?
Mr. 3: Why?
Buggy: All together now... Because it goes...
Crowd: BOOM!
Mr. 3: Wow.  Buggyrific!
Prisoner: Captain Buggy! Good one!
Luffy: Thanks, Buggy! I'll never forget you!
Mihawk: It's not over yet!
Marco: Vista!  The Old Man ordered us to to keep Ace's brother alive! Back him up!
Vista: Understood.  I'm on it!
Mihawk: Commander of the Whitebeard Pirates' Fifth Division, Flower Blade Vista.
Vista: Nice to meet you, Hawk-Eye Mihawk.  So you've heard of me?
Mihawk: It would be strange if I had not.
Luffy: I'm saved! Who's that old guy?
Mihawk: It's not a Devil Fruit, or some cheap trick...
Luffy: Well, whatever.  I'm grateful!
Mihawk: One by one, he turns the people around him into his allies.
Ivankov: Keep going, Straw-Hat-boy!
Jinbei: Looks like he made it through.
Hancock: Luffy!  You must save your brother!
Luffy: Move it!
Mihawk: More than anyone else sailing the seas... that man possesses the most terrifying power.
Luffy: Ace!
Buggy: S-Straw Hat, you bastard... Remember this!
Prisoner: That was amazing!  Just what I'd expect from Captain Buggy! You pretend to get beaten by Hawk-Eye, and shrewdly carried out the plan!
Buggy: Huh?  What do you mean?
Prisoner: Don't play dumb, Captain Buggy!
Buggy: A Surveillance Snail?! That's right, my friends!  Heroes who change the world must use their own hands to open a path to the future!
Prisoner: We'll follow you anywhere, Captain Buggy! Yeah...
Buggy: Now, here comes the main event!
Mr. 3: How many lucky breaks can one man get?
Narrator: As the execution draws ever closer... a number of shocking truths have been revealed, one after another. Over two hundred men did the unthinkable and broke out of the impenetrable Impel Down... then these infamous, mighty prisoners appeared on the battlefield. The scene that unfolds looks like something from a different world. This truly is an ultimate showdown that will rewrite history itself! The people around the world can only hold their breath... and watch as their futures are decided here.
Voice: Fleet Admiral.  The preparations are complete.
Sengoku: The ones for the bay coast as well?
Voice: Yes.  They're all ready.
Man: Huh? They're preparing to execute him...
Pirate: They're... What are they gonna do to Ace? It's not time yet!
Man: Is the execution gonna start now? That's impossible!  The announced time is still a while off!
Sengoku: Cut the Surveillance Snails' transmission immediately! For the sake of Absolute Justice, the Navy and the World Government must win this battle at any cost... regardless of the methods we resort to. But this might be too much for the weak-willed commoners to handle. There's no need to show the world the tragedy about to take place.
Marco: Old Man...
Pirates: Hurry!
Luffy: They really are gonna execute Ace early! Ace!
Sengoku: In a few hours we will tell the world this: Victory! That one word is enough.
Pirate: Our ships were... Look at the coast!  There's something out there! Those aren't our men! The marines must have circled around behind the frozen waves to come from the coast! They still have men capable of destroying all those ships? That's... Who are those guys?!
Whitebeard: So these are the Government's human weapons I heard about...
Luffy: It's those bear-like guys who were at Sabaody Archipelago... There are that many of them?
Ivankov: K-Kuma?
Narrator: About an hour and a half after the war began... the Navy gambled everything. In order to change the flow of the battle... they plunged into the final phase.
Sentoumaru: Now, you guys! I was tired of waiting! It's finally our turn!
Narrator: Whitebeard's fleet and the Navy's forces seemed equal to each other, and the battle was beginning to look like a stalemate. However, human weapons modified into the shape of Bartholomew Kuma appear... and the Whitebeard Pirates and Luffy are driven into a corner.
