Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew... and gone to Marineford... to save his brother Ace from execution. As Luffy and the Whitebeard Pirates head for the execution platform, they're engaged in a fierce battle against the Navy's attempts to stop them. Suddenly, the Navy's secret human weapons, the Pacifista Army, show themselves.
Pirates: Look at the coast!  There's something out there! Who are those guys?!
Whitebeard: So these are the Government's human weapons I heard about...
Ivankov: K-Kuma?
Pirate: One of the Seven Warlords of the Sea, Bartholomew Kuma! Why are there so many of him? What's going on here?!
Man: It's those things that wreaked havoc here on Sabaody Archipelago a while back! Multiple Bartholomew Kumas... There are even more than there were before! Main Office!  Main Office! Big news! Hello?  Hello?!
Pirate: Is that the real one? I heard rumors about this. Doctor Vegapunk has been developing a human weapon... the prototypes were sent out to deal with various incidents. Are these the human weapons? Why do they all look like Kuma?
Sentoumaru: Hey Uncle!  This isn't how we planned it! You were supposed to have the pirates surrounded in the bay before we got here, but they're scattered all over the place!
Pirate: That guy with the broadaxe is shouting... I figured out the Navy's plan. First, they intentionally leaked their plans to execute Ace ahead of schedule, so we'd panic. After that, the enemy would slowly pull back, drawing the pirates into the bay after them. At that point, the human weapons would block our retreat and we'd be trapped. Checkmate. So Old Man Whitebeard told us to attack the surrounding ships... because he saw this coming. And because of that, we aren't trapped.
Sengoku: We may have lost the left and right flanks, but we can still trap them between us, from the front and back! Target the supporting pirate crews first, as planned. Eliminate everyone who slips past our defenses!
Kizaru: As he says...
Sentoumaru: Uncle, mind if some of our warships get destroyed too?
Kizaru: Try to keep it to a minimum.
Sentoumaru: Roger that. Let's get going!
Pirate: I don't know what's going on, but you won't take us down that easily! Oh, crap!
Sentoumaru: Go, Pacifista!
Pirate: They got us!
Whitebeard: So you don't think twice about sacrificing your own troops. Don't falter, men! Push forward into the plaza!
Marco: From the start, we never would have retreated. We've got to reach Ace before we're cornered.
Pirate: Everyone, get off the ship and attack! Target the human weapons! Come here. I'll take you on!
Sengoku: All troops, get off the ice! Do not let the pirates reach the plaza!
Marines: Fall back! Hurry!
Vista: I never dreamt I would face the world's mightiest swordsman in this war... What luck.
Mihawk: The greatest swordsman of the Whitebeard Pirates... Won't you show me the swordsmanship of the Flower Blade?
Vista: Have a good look! What flower should I make bloom next?
Sentoumaru: Drive them in, Pacifista!
Pirate: As if!  Take this! Serves you right!
Man: What's with those things? It's like they're not even human! Are they invincible? The transmission...
Sengoku: No matter what you do... we still have the upper hand, Whitebeard. Once all transmissions are cut, mobilize the enclosure walls! Then we'll execute Ace and destroy the enemy all at once!
Marine: Understood!
Luffy: Move it! Ace is in trouble!  I gotta hurry!
Kizaru: Back to where you started from!
Jinbei: Luffy-kun!
Luffy: Jinbei. One of the admirals is here... Dammit!
Jinbei: He's a formidable foe, but we must hurry! You always knew that strong enemies would stand in your way, and you decided to come here anyway, right?!
Marine: Die, Dragon's son!
Izou: Ace's brother!  Has your stamina run out?
Jinbei: Oh, it's the Commanders! This makes things easier for us!
Izou: You can't let one admiral stop you! Come with us!
Luffy: Alright!  That bastard!
Izou: Now's our chance, while the marines are falling back! Let's break through their defenses!
Kizaru: Oh, now this looks like a tough bunch!
Moria: Commander of the Tenth Division, Curiel! If you try to attack me, I'll simply crush you! But just staying in this bay makes your doom inevitable anyway! Ace will die, and with nowhere to run, you'll all be eliminated! I don't give a damn who wins but I'd love to see Whitebeard die!
Curiel: I won't let the Old Man or Ace die!
Mihawk: Let us put our battle on hold, Vista.
Vista: Seems that would be advantageous for both of us.
Tashigi: We've been ordered to pull back, Smoker-san. This area is...
Smoker: Yeah... I know. Straw Hat!
Hancock: Luffy... Hurry to your brother!
Sengoku: Have all the transmissions been cut?!
Marine: N-No, wait a little longer. Hey!  Didn't you find it yet?!
Voice: N-No.  We're searching like mad.
Screen: Sign: Please Stand By
Voice: We're ready over here! Hey, move over to the side.
Man: I thought one screen was still transmitting... What do they mean, "Please stand by"?!
Prisoner: Camera test, okay. Now then, let's get started! Starting in five! Four!  Three!  Two!  One! Action!
Man: It's broadcasting again!
Voice: Everyone, thank you for your patience.
Man: I can hear a voice!
Voice: This is Marineford. Corpses of marines and pirates litter the ground.
Man: A live report?
Sengoku: Hey!  What's going on here?!
Voice: Hmm?  Who is that over there? Oh!  Is that... Could it be... A man who hid his identity until now, but recently revealed himself as part of the legendary crew... that sailed with the Pirate King Gold Roger!
Man: Who's that?
Voice: Is it really that great pirate, Buggy the Clown?!
Buggy: Yes, it's me alright! This thing about me being a legendary pirate... was supposed to be a secret, but...
Prisoner: Wait, Captain Buggy!  You've got a nosebleed! Cut!  Cut! Wipe your face!
Sengoku: What the hell is this?! I'm ordering you to cut this ridiculous transmission! We can't advance the plan!
Marine: W-Well... A Surveillance Snail was stolen by the Impel Down escapees!
Sengoku: What?!
Prisoner: Makeup! Okay! Alright, time for take two! Three!  Two!  One! Go! Oh!  Is that... Crewmate of the legendary Roger and blood brother of Red Hair, one of the Four Emperors! The great pirate, Captain Buggy the Clown?
Buggy: Yes, it's me alright!
Sengoku: Stop them right now!
Prisoner: That was close! They've found us!  Run! It appeared that you were cut down by Hawk-Eye Mihawk, but you're still standing!  Who could you be?
Buggy: Who, me? I'm Buggy! The legendary Buggy!
Sengoku: Blast them all!
Voices: What's happening on the battlefield?! Why were the other transmissions cut?! Show us Ace.  He's about to be executed! Show us the Bartholomew Kuma army!
Pirate: They keep closing in! Don't give up! We can't let ourselves be defeated before we've saved Ace! Let's go! Yeah!
Squardo: Old Man...
Whitebeard: Squardo... You're alright?
Squardo: Yeah, I survived, somehow.
Whitebeard: I see.  I tried contacting you earlier... How are things going in the bay? Many of our allies are falling. I managed to slip through the enemy forces and make it here. We'll show no mercy to Sengoku.  We'll crush all his forces.
Squardo: Old Man, did you realize what the Navy was planning?
Whitebeard: Sengoku and I go way back...
Squardo: I see.
Whitebeard: If the Navy attacks from behind, it'll work to our advantage. I'm going too!  We've got no choice but to make one last charge!
Squardo: You're right.
Marco: Squardo? What's he doing there?
Squardo: Forty-three ships are here to back you up, all of us owe you a huge debt. We'd gladly lay down our lives for the Whitebeard Pirates!
Whitebeard: I'm asking too much of you. But this is-
Squardo: I know! This is a battle to protect family, right? The pirate Whitebeard would never abandon his family. We'd all gladly follow you to the depths of Hell. And it'd be nice... if there was... a place for us in that family, too.
Narrator: A betrayal he never could have foreseen. Whitebeard looks upon Squardo, who has turned on him, as a ripple of disbelief spreads through the pirates. The bonds of the Whitebeard Pirates, seemingly unbreakable, have been shattered. And all of it was orchestrated by the Navy!
