Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew... and has finally reached Marineford, where he's trying to save his brother Ace from execution. An intense battle rages in the bay as the Navy tries to stop the Whitebeard Pirates... as they advance on the execution platform. By the shore, the Pacifista Army has begun a vicious attack on the Whitebeard Pirates' allies.
Whitebeard: Squardo... You're alright?
Squardo: Yeah, I survived, somehow.
Whitebeard: I see.  I tried contacting you earlier... How are things going at the shore?
Squardo: Many of our allies are falling. I managed to slip through the enemy forces and make it here.
Whitebeard: We'll show no mercy to Sengoku.  We'll crush all his forces.
Squardo: Old Man, did you realize what the Navy was planning?
Whitebeard: Sengoku and I go way back...
Marco: Squardo? What's he doing there?
Squardo: Forty-three ships are here to back you up, all of us owe you a huge debt. We'd gladly lay down our lives for the Whitebeard Pirates!
Man: L-Look!  Whitebeard's been... Whitebeard's been... Whitebeard's been... Whitebeard's been impaled!
Luffy: Oldtimer...
Voice: Who's done it?! I think it's... Well, the one who attacked him was a captain from Whitebeard's alliance... One of the New World Pirates, Whirl Spider...
Marco: Squardo! Why would you do such a thing?! Answer me, Squardo!
Squardo: S-Shut up!  You're the ones who forced my hand!
Marco: What?!  Do you have any idea what you've- Old Man!  If you keep pushing your body like this-
McGuy: Old Man!
Squardo: Drop the charade already, Whitebeard! You made a deal with the Navy, didn't you?! A deal to ensure that Ace and your Whitebeard Pirates would get out of this alive!
A.O.: What's Squardo talking about? What's going on?!
Squardo: Listen up, everyone! He's lured us all into a trap! I had no idea... But Ace is the son of Gold Roger! I was all alone when you found me...
Man: Squardo is causing a scene again! That guy's dangerous... Keep your distance! There's no stopping him when he gets like this!
Squardo: Is everyone here a total weakling?! Come at me! Bring me Gold Roger! What's wrong?  You lose your nerve?! What's wrong, you guys?! I'm sure you know why I was all alone... It was because my cherished comrades, who I'd fought beside for so long... were all killed by Roger! I'm sure you know my hatred for Roger! You could have at least told me that Ace is Roger's son... Told me of your plans to make Ace the next Pirate King!
Navy: Ignore the Whitebeard Pirates! Keep moving, pull back to the plaza!
Luffy: The oldtimer wants to make Ace the Pirate King?
Ace: Whitebeard is the strongest pirate I know of. I want to make him the Pirate King.
Squardo: Even then, you had already betrayed me! You let me become his friend, never knowing how you were mocking me! And then your golden child Ace was captured! The Whitebeard Pirates are within the bay, while we allied crews are out here, along the shore... You traded away the lives of the forty-three captains of your alliance... in exchange for Ace's life! The allied crews will be executed, while Ace and the Whitebeard Pirates are spared! You and Sengoku have already agreed on that, right?! You can't be serious!  Ace is Roger's son?!
Gendo Ikari: Yeah.  And our leaders have already decided the outcome of this battle.
Squardo: You're lying!  Think I'm gonna believe you?!
Gendo Ikari: Deny it all you want, but the fact remains... You will all die for nothing.
Squardo: Silence!  You really expect me to believe that bullshit?!
Gendo Ikari: You still don't get it? You'll be eating your words soon enough. If you think I'm lying, just watch closely! The crews of the alliance will be the only targets of the attack that's about to begin! The Navy has agreed not to attack the Whitebeard Pirates!
Squardo: And what do you know?  We came here for Ace's sake, for Whitebeard's sake... to lay down our lives, unaware of the deception! Look for yourself! Just as he said, we're the only ones the Navy is attacking! Those monsters are coming in from behind, and the left and right flanks are blocked by ice walls, meaning there's no escape!
Karma: Old Man!  Is it true?!
DeCalvan Brothers: Please say it's a lie, Old Man!
Squardo: It's practically a miracle that I hit you even once. I'm ready. Kill me!
Pirate: The ice wall is blocking our way!  There's nowhere to run! Is this the end for us? You know, we do seem to be their only targets! Run!
Palms: Old Man!  Did you really sell us out...
Delacuaji: in exchange for Ace's life?!
Pirate: Say something!  Old Man! Old Man!  Old Man!
Man: No way!  There's gotta be some sort of mistake! Whitebeard making a deal with the Navy? Betraying his crew? That's inconceivable!  This is Whitebeard we're talking about! Whitebeard and the Navy made a deal?! Does this mean the pirates who trusted Whitebeard and fought alongside him... are betrayed and will be eliminated by the Navy?
Squardo: I didn't want to believe it... I doubted my own eyes! How could you betray us, Old Man?!
Marco: You idiot! He was the one who took you in, Squardo! Why don't you have faith in the Old Man?!
Squardo: You've no right to say that, Marco! You're the Commander of the First Division! I refuse to hear you say that you didn't know... about Ace or about the deal with the Navy!
Whitebeard: It's true that Ace is Roger's son... So they found the man who'd be the most hurt to hear that, and turned him against us. Their plan was one step ahead of my own.
Sengoku: Enough of this. Aokiji!
Buggy: Why is he coming here?!
Man: So this entire war was arranged from the beginning?! Then what was the point of all the fighting up to now?! Does this mean neither of them will win?! The broadcast died! Did it break?
Sengoku: Mobilize the walls!
Crocodile: That bastard... He was hit so easily, by one of his own allies! You're a disgrace, Whitebeard! I didn't know I'd lost to such a weak man!
Ivankov: Croco-boy...
Jinbei: Crocodile...
Marco: Yeah, it's true... In the past , you've always been able to dodge attacks like that... Even injured or exhausted, or if the attack came from one of your own, you've never been hit by an attack like this, and that's what's bothering me!
Whitebeard: You want me to wear this equipment so the enemy will feel sorry for me or something?!
Pirates: Old Man!
Marco: Your health is deteriorating.
Whitebeard: You realize what you've done, don't you... Squardo? You've turned your blade against your own father... You foolish son! Though you're a fool, I still love you, my son.
Squardo: Don't... try to trick me... You... sold out our...
Whitebeard: Who has dragged your pure, loyal heart into such darkness?
Squardo: A Navy insurgent.
Gendo Ikari: I'm against this plan. Those who don't know better may call him a legendary pirate, but dedication to Whitebeard won't change the truth. In reality, he's a despicable man who sold out his own allies... and made a secret deal with the Navy... just to save his own crew. His status as a legend is built on lies. Whitebeard is the one you ought to strike down in this war. Going for anyone else would be a grave mistake. If you'll cooperate with me, I'll save the allied pirates. Kill Whitebeard.
Squardo: He said he'd save the allied pirates if I killed you...
Whitebeard: So that's what Akainu said... I'm painfully aware of how you hate Roger. But Squardo... It's wrong to resent a child for the sins of his father. What did Ace ever do to you? Together, you and Ace have been through pain, joy, and difficulty, rising above it every time, with your friends beside you. It doesn't matter who Ace's parents were. We got a chance to meet on this big, wide ocean. Not only you two.  All of you are my sons. So Squardo, try to get along. Don't think that Ace is a special case. You are all my family. Still... you really... haven't changed, Sengoku. You sure duped him. Me, sell out my own sons' lives?!
Sengoku: So he's given the pirates an escape route... I shouldn't have taken him so lightly.
Pirate: The wall of ice is gone... We can commandeer the warships! Now we can escape whenever we want!
Whitebeard: If you're pirates, then decide for yourselves what to believe!
Bizarre: It was a lie after all!  The Navy planned this whole thing!
Elmy: There's no way the Old Man would betray us!
Whitebeard: A weak man, you say?  Give me a break, Alligator-kid! I'm only one man, with one heart. They may call me a demon or a monster or whatever, but I won't be the strongest forever. If I can help just one young life rise to the future, then it will be enough for me. Those willing to come with me, follow me even if it costs you your lives!
Pirates: Yeah!
Sengoku: Attack!  He's on the move!  The strongest man in the world!
Whitebeard: Let's go!
Pirates: Yeah!
Narrator: Whitebeard, the world's strongest pirate, has entered the battlefield. Using the full power of the Gura Gura Fruit, he crushes the Navy's forces. In response, Sengoku finally initiates the Navy's ultimate countermeasure.
