Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew... and come to Marineford... to save his brother Ace, who is about to be executed. Luffy headed for the execution platform, managing to make it over the walls with Jinbe's help, to square off against the Three Admirals. Following him, the Whitebeard Pirates also broke into the plaza. A fierce battle between the Navy and the  Whitebeard Pirates is underway in the Oris Plaza.
Aokiji: Ice Block Partisan!
Jozu: Old Man, get going!
Whitebeard: I'm counting on you.
Kizaru: You gotta have more than just courage... Without enough strength, you can't   save anyone, no matter how hard you try. Now will you please just disappear?
Whitebeard: A bundle of spirit, who only knows how to talk big... Young and clumsy... I like fools like that...
Gendo Ikari: If we just let you run wild as you please... the island won't be able to take it!
Whitebeard: Then try to protect it!
Marco: Wait for me, Ace!
Garp: If you want to get past, you'll have to kill me!
Pirate: The Hero Garp is... protecting the platform! Twenty years ago, he was constantly fighting against Gold Roger! He's a legendary marine whose name is known all over the world! And when Gold Lion Shiki, Roger's rival, attacked... the one who confronted him here in Marineford together with Sengoku... and sent the Gold Lion to Impel Down, was Garp as well!
Whitebeard: Don't get intimidated.  It's just a name, you fools! He's just an old marine.
Gendo Ikari: Since you're part of his generation, you'd do well to pay attention to the enemy in front of you! You keep destroying the city...
Whitebeard: Like I said, try to protect it!
Sengoku: Hurry up with Ace's execution!
Marine: Get replacements immediately!
Pirate: Make a path! A path to Ace's rescue! Those aggravating jerks came all the way here... Not gonna happen, you monster! We'll show you the power of the New World! Now, hurry! To the execution platform!
Ivankov: How is he?
Doctor: How, you ask... In his condition, my emergency treatment won't be enough! He needs proper medical care!
Ivankov: It's impossible for Straw-Hat-boy to fight any longer... But...
Sengoku: What is it, Fire Fist?
Garp: Ace...
Man: Gol D. Roger? You mean Gold Roger? If I know him? Hey, don't you know why there's so many pirates causing trouble in the world? It's all that Roger-guy's fault!
Ace: Roger's...
Man: This is just what I've heard.. So generations of pirates stupid enough  to believe him started roaming the seas. It'd be better if that guy was never born! He's scum! From the platform, before he died, he sent pirates out to sea to do whatever the hell they wanted! He was trouble when he was alive, and he's even more so now that he's dead! He's the worst trash in the world!  Remember that! Huh?  What's wrong? Why are you getting so upset? Say, who are you anyway, you little runt?
Dadan: What were you doing down in the village, Ace? There's a huge uproar down there because some delinquents were almost killed by a kid.
Ace: What?  And here I thought they were dead.
Dadan: What?!  When you cause trouble, I'm the one who gets blamed, you know! You listening to me, Ace?! Sheesh!  How could he push  such a troublemaker on me?
Man: You want to know about Roger, you say? He was... just a liar and a murderer! "Pirate King"?  Don't make me laugh! He wasn't the Pirate King, more like the Bullshit King! You can say that again! Roger? Don't say such disgusting  names, kid.  You'll spoil my beer. Get lost. Why're you lookin' at me like that?! Hey! What are you doing, you damn brat?!
Garp: Why are you looking so beat down? Hey, Ace! Looks like you've been causing a lot of trouble lately.
Ace: Gramps... You have a grandson, right? Does he seem happy to you?
Garp: Oh, you mean Luffy? I'm raising him well.
Ace: Gramps. Was it... good that I was born?
Garp: Well, you... As long as you're alive, you'll figure it out eventually.
Ivankov: Hurry and bring Straw-Hat-boy to the ship! Now that it's come to this, vwe'll just have to save Ace-boy vourselves!
Luffy: Iva-chan...
Ivankov: Vyou're still conscious?!
Luffy: I have one last favor to ask of you...
Pirate: Just a little further!  We're coming now, Ace! Clear a path!
Ace: I'm... Dammit!
Jinbe: Ace-san, wait for me!  I will save you even if it costs me my life!
Pirate: Almost there!
Haruta: Here we come, Ace!
Pirate: Ace!  We'll definitely save you! Wait for us, Ace! Don't you dare give up!
Ace: Dammit!  What's wrong with me?! This isn't the time to... The Old Man, my brother and my crew... are falling, and yet...
Ivankov: "One last favor"?!  Don't say such ominous things!
Luffy: Please, give me...
Ace: I'm so happy... my tears won't stop... Even now that it's come to this... I want to live...
Luffy: Please... Iva-chan...
Ivankov: Are vyou sure about this?
Prisoner: Captain Buggy, you're awake! You're alive! Thank goodness!
Buggy: What happened to me?
Prisoner: You were frozen by that Aokiji-guy. Captain Buggy! It's hopeless! Dammit... Weren't you going to stand at the very top of the world? We followed you, believing that... Oh no! I see!  Captain Buggy found a way to save our friends! Even though he was frozen himself! You really are amazing! Hey!  Carry the other frozen people into the ocean too! Yeah!
Buggy: Hey, instead of focusing on that... Help!  Someone please help me! Won't someone help me?  Gah, I'm drowning...
Prisoners: Captain Buggy! How many times have you saved our lives now? Dammit... We'll follow you forever!
Buggy: Men!  Thank me as much as you like, until you're satisfied! Seems like luck was still on my side... Oh, by the way, where did Mister Three go?
Prisoner: Brother Three?  Last I remember seeing him was before this wall rose.
Buggy: That jerk ran away on his own! Wall? You mean this thing?
Prisoner: It was part of the Navy's plan to eliminate the Whitebeard Pirates. Because of it, we're trapped like birds in a cage.
Buggy: Laughable!  Do they really think this will be enough to block my path? This pathetic wall? Hear me, Navy!  You'd better prepare yourselves! Don't think I'm the kind of man who'll let it end with this!
Prisoner: Yeah!  We'll get our revenge before long!  I'd expect no less from you!
Buggy: Indeed, my friend! But... What am I gonna do?!
Whitebeard: Move it, Magma-brat! Damn it to Hell...
Whitebeard Pirates: Old Man!
Gendo Ikari: So even you can't fight old age, Whitebeard?
Marco: The one thing we'd feared the most...
Whitebeard: You want me to wear this equipment so the enemy will feel sorry for me or something?!
Marco: Old Man...
Kizaru: The battle is over once you let your guard down, even for a second!
Jozu: Marco!
Aokiji: You just got distracted, didn't you?
Haruta: Jozu!
Gendo Ikari: Now, I guess it's time for me to send you off to the next world!
Ace: Old Man!
Pirate: T-The Old Man... What?!
Helmeppo: Hey! What good will it do to enter the fight now? Just take a look, Coby! There's no doubt about it... Anyone can see that the Navy has won. Akainu-san will kill Whitebeard... The First Division Commander of the Whitebeard Pirates, Marco.. and the Third Division Commander, Jozu... will be taken out by Kizaru-san and Aokiji-san... And even Straw Hat can't do anything after the beating he got. Guess that means this was all he could do against the Navy's full power.
Coby: Someday, I will... become one... of the Navy's Admirals! Uh, no... I-I-I'm sorry!  I-I got carried away! How embarrassing... If there's a hole around here, I'd like to crawl into it! I-I got a little too excited about meeting you again...
Luffy: Coby. You're gonna fight me, aren't you? So of course you gotta advance that far!
Coby: I knew it... Me becoming an Admiral is like a dream within a dream... I mean, even Luffy-san ran out of strength long before reaching his goal... A puny marine like me, who does nothing but run around... It's impossible! It's definitely impossible!
Helmeppo: The battle is practically over. We've got a prime view of the ending from here. Right, Coby?
Ivankov: Vyou want another shot of the Tension Hormones?! That's too reckless! It's hopeless!  Vyou and Vi fought our way out of Impel Down together, didn't vwe?! Vyour body has been fatally poisoned and  then brought back from the brink of death... It's way beyond its limits! Didn't Vi tell you before?  The Tension Hormones are nothing but an emergency treatment! If Vi keep deceiving vyour body, vyou really will die after this is all over!
Luffy: As long as I've done all I can, then I don't mind dying! Please let me fight, Iva-chan!
Pirate: The Old Man was done in! Marco!  Jozu!
Luffy: If... I don't fight here... If... I can't save Ace... I'll... end up wanting to die! Please... Give me the power to fight!
Ivankov: And Vi'm telling vyou... If Vi allow vyou to die, Vi won't be able to show my face to Dragon afterwards! Vyou ignorant fool!
Marine: Has the other one still not shown up? What's taking him so long?!
Executioner: It looks like he was unsure what to do after that sudden order to fall back... Hey, hurry up!
Marine: Right, let's go!
Luffy: Ace...
Ivankov: Fine! Do whatever the hell... vyou want!
Pirate: Hey, you!  What are you doing to Straw Hat?
Helmeppo: S-Straw Hat's... I-Impossible!  I thought he was on the verge of death after taking Kizaru-san's attack head-on! H-Hey! Where are you going?  It's too dangerous! Coby...
Coby: Luffy-san...
Ace: Luffy...
Luffy: Ace!
Narrator: Luffy runs with one last burst of strength. A friend, who he once shared his dreams with, stands in his way.
