Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew... and has come to Marineford... to save his brother Ace, who is about to be executed. Luffy and the Whitebeard Pirates have been advancing on the execution platform, and at last, they've made it past the defensive walls. As a fierce battle between the Navy and the Whitebeard Pirates rages in Oris Plaza, Luffy runs toward Ace.
Sengoku: If you want to see the future, I'll show it to you right now... Whitebeard! Do it!
Luffy: Ace!
Whitebeard: That won't work! Do you really think that would stop...
Luffy: Stop it!
Ivankov: What did vyou just do?!
Pirate: The Conquering King's Haki?!
Aokiji: Hey, hey!  Seriously?!
Kizaru: How surprising...
Whitebeard: That kid...
Pirate: Look!  Ace is alright! Hey!  Hang in there! Was that Ace's little brother?
Marine: What was that? I nearly passed out...
Pirate: He's got the Conqueror's Haki, just like the Old Man and Red Hair!
Marco: S-So he's the one who did it?
Gendo Ikari: It seems he did it subconsciously.
Kizaru: He's got some frightening powers hiding in him...
Garp: So he did inherit it, after all...
Ace: You too?
Doberman: Weak-willed men, stand back! Don't take him for an ordinary rookie! The Conquering King's Haki... He's the son of Dragon the Revolutionary. I suppose we should have known he'd have it.
Marine: Vice Admiral Doberman...
Ivankov: About what vyou just did... Where did vyou learn to use that power?
Luffy: Huh?  Use what?
Ivankov: Never mind. He doesn't realize what he did... It's still a dormant power... Still, he managed to bring it out somehow... Vyour blood will make itself known, Dragon.
Doberman: Don't let him escape this war alive! If we let him go, he'll become a terrifying enemy! Take down Straw Hat, without fail!
Whitebeard: You cowardly marines... You're really that afraid of one kid? What happened to taking my head?!
Marine: Damn, it's Whitebeard! He's earned his reputation as a monster! Take him down, at all costs!
Whitebeard: Fine by me.
Izou: We will back the Old Man up!
Marine: Don't be afraid!  Charge!
Ivankov: Straw-Hat-boy!  Now's vyour chance!
Doberman: Don't let Straw Hat get away!
Whitebeard: You've all ganged up on us, eh, Marines?
Gendo Ikari: So they're using brute force alone...
Kizaru: How long can they last?
Ace: Old Man...
Marco: Old Man... Dammit... If I could just get this off...
Pirate: Old Man!  With those wounds, you won't last long at this pace!
Whitebeard: Men!
Pirate: Old Man...
Whitebeard: As of this moment... lend Straw Hat Luffy... all of your strength!
Izou: Ace's little brother?
Marco: Old Man!
Kizaru: Take down Straw Hat, now!
Ivankov: Straw-Hat-boy! Look out!
Momonga: You're... One of Whitebeard's allies... The Bohemian Knight, Douma!
Douma: Nice to meet you, Vice Admiral Momonga!
Marine: The DeCalvan Brothers...
DeCalvan: Your opponents... will be us!
Doberman: Thunder Blade McGuy!
McGuy: I would like to face you in battle, Vice Admiral Doberman!
Ivankov: W-What is this?
Pirate: We New World Pirates will lend you a hand! Ace-chan is right ahead of us!  Let's go, Straw Hat!
Marine: Whitebeard's allies are trying to cover Straw Hat!
Luffy: What's with these guys?!
Pirate: Hurry, Ace's brother! The Navy is currently focused on the Old Man! If you miss this chance, you'll  never make it past the Admirals! We'll charge through their defenses!  Come with us!
Ivankov: This is serious, Straw-Hat-boy! The world's mightiest pirate is trying to test vyou! Whitebeard has put his faith in vyou!  This is amazing! Vi'm asking if vyou have the resolve to live up to his expectations!
Luffy: I don't care about that Whitebeard-guy. I've only had one reason to come here... since the beginning!
Marine: The pirates are gaining momentum... They're breaking through!  Send in reinforcements! Vice Admiral!  Shouldn't we go after Straw Hat?
Vice Admiral: Wait! The pirates have left Whitebeard! Target Whitebeard! If we defeat him, they'll stop!
Whitebeard: So you think you can defeat me if the whole lot of you attack me at once?
Vice Admiral: Whitebeard... Is he immortal or something?!
Whitebeard: Just try, kid... Just now, you managed to prevent Ace's execution in my place... If you too possess the Will of D, then show me what lies beyond this era!
Ivankov: That's... Hawk-Eye! Dodge it, Straw-Hat-boy!
Luffy: You're...
Mr. 1: Orders from the boss.  For the time being, we will confront the Navy.  Now go!
Mihawk: You're Daz Bones, right?
Ivankov: Straw-Hat-boy!
Mihawk: Crocodile...
Crocodile: How long are you gonna sleep, Mister One?
Mr. 1: It seems like my body's gone soft during my life in prison...
Crocodile: You're in my way, Straw Hat. Get lost, already.
Mihawk: Why did you get in my way, Crocodile?
Crocodile: I'm in a pretty bad mood right now. Watch yourself, Hawk-Eye!
Hancock: Luffy! I will assist you, too!
Kuma: Attack Monkey D. Luffy. Boa Hancock.  Ally.  Cease fire.
Sentoumaru: Hey! What is the meaning of this?!  Aren't you a Warlord, Boa Hancock?! You've stopped several of the Pacifista... Aren't you with the Government?!
Hancock: Such an unrefined man.  It seems you do not understand anything.
Sentoumaru: What?!
Hancock: Let me tell you something... Love is always a hurricane!
Sentoumaru: What's that supposed to mean?!
Buggy: Damn you, Straw Hat... Buggy!
Prisoner: Captain Buggy! How are things over there, Captain?
Buggy: Not good... This is not good, men! Not long ago, I attempted to make my sensational debut to the whole world... But now look what's happened! Everyone is too busy focusing on that Straw Hat, running toward the execution platform like an idiot! Guys!  Who is the star of the day?!
Prisoners: It's Captain Buggy!
Buggy: Exactly! Our only choice is to put on another flashy performance to completely outshine Straw Hat! Hey!  Lend me the Surveillance Snail!
Prisoner: Captain Buggy!  Well, you see, the Surveillance Snail is still frozen...
Buggy: What?  Heat it up right now! If you dip it in the water heated by Akainu's magma, it should thaw right away.
Prisoner: It's thawed!
Buggy: Right, bring it here!
Prisoner: Right! I've brought it. Here.
Buggy: It's shriveled up!
Prisoner: It must be because we put it in seawater!
Buggy: Well, whatever, it's not like we can't use it. This is the Surveillance Snail we finally managed to steal from the Navy, after all... We've got to make good use of it. Surveillance Snail-san, would you mind waking up now? Good morning. It went back into its shell! It's all because you made those scary faces!
Prisoner: Give us a break here... We were born with these faces, you know.
Buggy: Dammit... What if Straw Hat reaches the execution platform while we're doing all this?
Marine: Fire!
Pirate: Clear a path to the execution platform!  Even if it's just for a moment!
Momonga: Are you in that much of a hurry to die?
Doberman: Why, you...
Marines: Whitebeard!
Whitebeard: Jinbe, what are you doing? I told you to help Ace's brother!
Jinbe: I am not one of the Whitebeard Pirates. Thus, I have no obligation to follow your orders.
Whitebeard: Stubborn fool...
Luffy: The path... is open!
Ivankov: The execution platform is right in front of vus, Straw-Hat-boy! Just keep running straight ahead!
Luffy: Right!
Ivankov: Now it's vour turn. Sorry to trouble vyou before vyour wounds have healed, but vyour power is needed here now!
Inazuma: A simple matter, Iva-san. Do not worry.
Luffy: Crab-chan!
Marine: What the hell is that?! It's Inazuma from the Revolutionary Army!  This was his doing!
Luffy: He made a bridge!  Alright!
Marine: Straw Hat is heading straight for the execution platform! At this rate, he'll reach the platform! Don't let Straw Hat go! It's no use... We can't get past these pirates! Use your cannons!  Aim for Straw Hat! What?!  T-That's... The Whitebeard Pirates' Commanders!
Pirate: Ace's brother!  Keep running forward!
Marine: All units, concentrate on one spot and break through! Don't let Straw Hat past!
Luffy: Ono: Axe
Inazuma: Luffy-kun.  Go.
Luffy: Sure!  Thanks!
Marine: Don't let Straw Hat past!
Ivankov: Vi won't let anyone past this point! Now go, Straw-Hat-boy!
Pirate: Straw Hat is almost there! Alright!  Keep going!
Marine: Stop Straw Hat! Go, Straw Hat! Free Ace!
Kizaru: So you'd use that kid as your trump card, huh, Whitebeard? But I won't let him go on. Whitebeard...
Whitebeard: You just stay here and watch!
Ace: Luffy...
Luffy: Here I come, Ace!
Pirate: It's Garp the Hero!
Luffy: Granddad!  Please move!
Garp: There's no way I'll step aside! I am a Vice Admiral from Navy HQ! I was fighting pirates long before you were born!
Ace: Gramps!
Garp: If you want to get past me, then it'll be over my dead body! Straw Hat Luffy! That is... the path you chose!
Narrator: Grandfather and grandson face each other on the battlefield. What sort of feelings are held within their fists as they attack?
