Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew... and has come to Marineford... to save his brother Ace, who is set to be executed. Luffy and the Whitebeard Pirates were headed for the execution platform, and they charged into the plaza. Amidst the Navy's fierce attack, Luffy received backup from the Whitebeard Pirates, ran along the path Inazuma created for him, and finally reached Ace.
Whitebeard: I am the one at the top of this era... There is no ship to carry me in the new era! Now let's settle this!
Marine: Marineford is in danger! Stop Whitebeard! He really plans to destroy the whole island!
Pirates: Old Man! I don't want to leave you behind! Let's go back together! Old Man!
Whitebeard: Are you disobeying your captain's orders?! Get going, you imbeciles!
Pirates: Old Man!
Marine: Now!  Shoot Whitebeard! He's nearly dead!
Pirate: Old Man! Hurry!  We have to do as he said! Can you really abandon the Old Man here alone?! Yeah, that's right! You idiot!  None of us like this! Then...
Fossa: If we stuck around and got killed here, we'd be spitting in the face of the Old Man, who came here prepared to die! Don't you understand that?!
Pirate: Old Man... Get ready to cast off!  Quickly!
Luffy: Ace!
Pirate: We're setting sail! Over here! Hurry aboard! Commander Marco!  Let's go!
Marco: Old Man...
Marine: How dare you deceive us like that?! Die!
Mr. 3: W-Wait!  I only want to escape! I have absolutely no intention of fighting!
Marines: W-What?!
Mr. 3: My wax is as hard as steel!  Common swords won't even dent it!
Marine: So he's got Devil Fruit powers too? I get it... After all, he had the guts to try and stop Fire Fist's execution right in front of Fleet Admiral Sengoku!
Mr. 3: Uh, no... it's better if you don't overestimate me... I'm really not that impressive... Not at all!
Marine: That Whitebeard... How can he have so much strength left, with all those wounds?!
Sengoku: Now that the risk of hurting Fire Fist Ace is gone,
Marine: Fleet Admiral Sengoku...
Sengoku: he seriously intends to sink Marineford to the bottom of the ocean. Along with his own life.
Marine: Vice Admiral Garp!  You're not hurt!
Garp: So he's putting an end to this era... Well it's about time.
Man: What happened after Whitebeard got stabbed?! Were Whitebeard's allies wiped out after his betrayal?! You still can't get any footage?! Dammit, ever since that Buggy the Clown showed up outside the battlefield, I haven't been able to figure out the situation at all!
Pirate: Who is that over there? Is it really that great pirate, Buggy the Clown?!
Buggy: Yes, it's me alright!
Man: What was he going to say? What's happening in Marineford?!
Buggy: What?! The Surveillance Snail still won't come out?!
Pirate: Dammit... It just had to chicken out right when Captain Buggy was about to finish off Whitebeard!
Buggy: Don't be so flippant, you idiot! Even half-dead, Whitebeard's strength is limitless - can't you see that?! And I thought I could take his head... What a mess! There's no way I can do it!  No way in hell!
Pirate: No way!  We're gonna broadcast Captain  Buggy's moment of glory all over the world! We've gotta force it out somehow! Get out of there! Do you want us to draw you out with fire?! Nah, he'll come out if we dump him in the water! Yeah!
Buggy: Cut it out, you idiots!
Pirates: Huh?!
Buggy: It ain't like this thing's working for the Navy 'cause he wants to or anything. Just think of all he's been through in this war! Don't you feel sorry for the little guy? Why don't we let him go?
Pirate: Wait!  So we're giving up on "Captain Buggy's Master Plan to Kill Whitebeard and Become World-Famous"?! No way!  Don't tell me you're  considering fleeing Marineford, too?! I really misjudged you, Captain Buggy!
Buggy: Crap!  These guys were vicious  enough to be sentenced to Impel Down! If they turn on me, I'm dead meat!
Prisoner: The Surveillance Snail came out on his own! He's... crying! I get it!  He was so moved by Captain Buggy's kindness that he came out! Captain Buggy even touches the hearts of Surveillance Snails... He truly is amazing! This is the man who will stand at the top of the world! Our Captain Buggy!
Buggy: You friggin' idiot! You should've gone back into your shell and stayed there! Now I'm the one who can't get away!
Prisoner: Well, let's begin! Captain Buggy, it's time to show your greatness to the entire world! Make sure it's cool! Smoke, okay!  Lights, okay! Stand by, ready!
Buggy: Uh, well, yeah... Damn it, now it's all or nothing! Alright, let 'em see it! Show them my bravery! The moment when I take Whitebeard's head!
Man: Hey, look! I can't tell what's happening through all this smoke! Has the Navy been defeated? What about Whitebeard?  Ace?
Buggy: Uh, err...
Prisoner: Aim the Surveillance Snail further down!
Buggy: Hello, everyone.  I'm Buggy.  The legendary!
Crowd: You again?!
Prisoner: Hurry and get out of here! We've got to get everyone left and return to the New World!
Marine: Don't let the pirates escape!  Shoot down as many as you possibly can!
Whitebeard: Your opponent is me and only me!
Pirates: Commander Jozu! The Commander mustn't die from something like this! Captain's orders!  Let's go together! Blenheim!  Help us carry Jozu!
Ivankov: Straw-Hat-boy!  What are vyou standing around for?!
Luffy: Ace, let's go!  The oldtimer made his choice!
Ace: I know.  I won't waste his efforts. Get out of the way, all of you!
Whitebeard: There's no need for words... Just answer one question for me, Ace... Was I a good father? You still tryin' to stand up? I'd hate to see you die here, kid. If you still want to fight, then take my name and roam the seas wild and free! Become my son!
Ace: Of course you were!
Man: Did you see that? The execution platform has been destroyed! Was Ace executed?  What's going on?! Show us Whitebeard!
Buggy: I'm Buggy.  The legendary!
Pirate: Great pirate, Captain Buggy the Clown!  Is it true that you're about to take Whitebeard's head? And then offer his head to the Four Emperors of the New World to boost your reputation?
Buggy: I'm Buggy.  The legendary!
Pirate: You keep saying that! Try to say something more substantial! Let's try again!
Man: Enough with Buggy already!  Show us the situation in Marineford!
Crowd: Yeah!  That's right!
Man: We don't care about you!
Buggy: I'm gonna flashily...
Man: What are you trying to do, anyway?!
Pirate: Run!  Run to the ship!
Jinbe: Ace-san!  Luffy-kun!  Run forward!
Luffy & Ace: Jinbe!
Jinbe: They're aiming at you two. The Old Man is hoping as many survive as possible! Old Man...
Pirate: We've stolen a warship!  Get aboard!
Gendo Ikari the Supreme Douchebag: Do you really think I'll let you escape? How optimistic...
Marine: Admiral Sakazuki!
Gendo Ikari the Supreme Douchebag: Step aside, men.
Jinbe: You two! Keep running, straight to the ship!
Gendo Ikari the Supreme Douchebag: So you think you can free Fire Fist Ace and simply retreat in safety? What a bunch of imbeciles  you Whitebeard Pirates are!
Pirates: What?!
Pirate: He's just trying to provoke us! It's obvious he wants us to stop!
Gendo Ikari the Supreme Douchebag: Well, I suppose it's no surprise, your captain being who he is. After all, Whitebeard is nothing but... a loser from a dead era!
Luffy: Ace!
Ace: A loser?! Take back what you just said!
Pirate: Don't do it, Ace!  Don't stop running! Just let him blabber on!
Ace: He bad-mouthed the Old Man!
Luffy: Ace!
Gendo Ikari the Supreme Douchebag: Take it back, you say? I have absolutely no intention of doing so. Why would I? Your father, Gold Roger, conquered the entire Grand Line. He gave his life to open the door on a new era, the Great Age of Pirates. A Navy man like me probably shouldn't say this, but that man truly deserved the title of "Pirate King". What is Whitebeard, when compared to that? I mean, did he even have the guts to fight against Roger? All he's ever done is hide in some safe corner of  the world and keep himself out of trouble, right? These days, some fools may claim Whitebeard's name alone upholds peace on various islands. But as far as I'm concerned, he just intimidates the small-fry and  believes himself a hero for it.  Ridiculous! Roger maintained his honor as long as he lived, and even dead, his fellow pirates hailed him as a king. In other words, Whitebeard is an eternal loser, who will never surpass Roger! That is all he is.  Everything I've said is the truth. Now that I think of it, he sure is one pitiful man. Making all his underlings call him their "Old Man" or "Father" or whatever... and sailing the seas playing house.
Ace: Stop it.
Gendo Ikari the Supreme Douchebag: He reigned the seas for decades, yet he never became a king or gained anything. He got himself stabbed because one of those  foolish "sons" of his believed every word I said, and now he'll die to protect that same fool. Truly an empty existence.
Ace: Cut it out!
Izou: Don't fall for it, Ace!  Turn back!
Pirates: Ace!
Ace: The Old Man... gave us a place where we belonged! What do you know about the Old Man's greatness?!
Gendo Ikari the Supreme Douchebag: If man does not live righteously, he does not deserve to live at all! You rogue pirates don't deserve a "place to belong"!
Ace: Cut it out!
Gendo Ikari the Supreme Douchebag: Whitebeard will die a loser!  A fitting end for a little fish in a big pond!
Ace: Whitebeard is the great pirate, who created this era! Don't make fun of the man who saved my life!
Pirates: Stop it, Ace!
Ace: The name of this era is "Whitebeard"!
Gendo Ikari the Supreme Douchebag: Whitebeard, and you fools who call him your father, share the same fate as losers!
Izou: Ace got burned!
Gendo Ikari the Supreme Douchebag: You were overconfident because you ate a Logia, the mightiest of all Devil Fruits, right? You are merely fire. I am magma, that which will burn even flames! There is an enormous gap  between your strength and mine!
Luffy: Ace!
Jinbe: Hey, Luffy-kun! You've reached your limit!
Luffy: Ace's Vivre Card...
Gendo Ikari the Supreme Douchebag: The Pirate King, Gold Roger. Dragon the Revolutionary. These two men's sons being step- brothers is quite a frightening thought. Your fate has been decided! Regardless of who else gets away, I swear to never let you two escape! Now, take a good look...
Ace: Wait! Luffy!
Lola: This is definitely a Vivre Card. I didn't tell you this yet, but this card also represents the owner's life force. You got this from someone dear to you, right?
Luffy: Yeah.  It's my big brother's.
Ace: Carry it with you... always. That piece of paper... will bring the two of us together again.
Narrator: Ace was pierced through when he shielded Luffy. Jinbe and the Whitebeard Pirates attempt to protect Ace, but Ace, having accepted his death, calls out to them. He conveys his final wishes to his comrades.
