Sengoku: Shiliew!  You... What happened to Magellan?  What happened to Impel Down?! How did you all get here?!
Shiliew: Doesn't the very fact that we are here answer your questions... Fleet Admiral Sengoku-san? If you want to know the details... you can go find out for yourself later. At any rate, I've decided to team up with these guys. Keep that in mind.
Marine: Fleet Admiral Sengoku! I didn't have a chance to report this to you earlier... But we received reports that the Gates of Justice had opened again... and an unidentified warship passed through it!
Sengoku: And these guys were on that ship? But there shouldn't be anyone in the Control Room except our marines... and nothing out of the ordinary has been reported, either! How did they get here?
Lafitte: I apologize. It is quite simple. Before the Blackbeard Pirates set sail for Impel Down, I hypnotized the marines in the Control Room... and gave them the order that all warships approaching the Gates of Justice... were to be allowed to pass. It seems this helped some others as well.
Sengoku: Straw Hat and his gang, you mean?
Blackbeard: For a pirate, an enemy of the Government... breaking into Impel Down would've been impossible since the Gates of Justice would never open. That's why I increased my reputation and became one of the Seven Warlords! But now, I don't need that rank any more!
Sengoku: So your goal was to free those guys?
Blackbeard: Indeed!  That was my plan all along! That was all I wanted! Now do you get it?
Whitebeard: None of that matters! Teach!
Lafitte: Watch out, Captain!
Vasco Shot: That was really close! We barely made it out in time.
Blackbeard: You aren't holding back! Well, I guess that's to be expected.
Whitebeard: You're the one person I will never call my son, Teach. You broke the one iron rule on my ship... You killed a member of the crew! So that the Fourth Division Commander Thatch may rest in peace... I will take this fool's life, and settle the score!
Izou: Old Man!
Whitebeard: Marco!
Marco: Old Man!
Whitebeard: Stay out of this!
Marco: Old Man!
Whitebeard: You got that?! Let's settle this, Teach!
Blackbeard: Fine by me!
Marine: What is that black stuff coming out of his body? Smoke?
Blackbeard: This is the power of the Devil Fruit I stole after killing Thatch! The mightiest power, the Yami Yami Fruit! Have a good taste! Hey, Old Man. Thatch is dead, and so is Ace. I had always respected and admired you from the bottom of my heart. But now, you've grown old. So rusty, you couldn't save a single underling from execution! Even though I made sure to let Ace live after our battle on Banaro Island.
Vista: That bastard...
Blackbeard: Now, now... That won't work. All Devil Fruit abilities are useless against me! Kurouzu: Black Vortex Well, Old Man?  What do you think about my darkness? It can even suck in Devil Fruit Powers, making the users defenseless! In other words, you can't create any more earthquakes!
Pirate: He actually landed a hit on the Old Man!
Blackbeard: Hey! You still don't get it? What do you think of my power? Useless! You're pathetic, Old Man! That hurts... That hurts, damn you!
Whitebeard: Overconfidence... Carelessness... Those are your biggest weaknesses!
Blackbeard: S-Stop it... Old Man, stop it!  I'm your son, aren't I? Are you really going to kill me?!
Pirate: You did it, Old Man! No... Look at that! Damn, what a guy!  He's so stubborn! Finish him!  Deal the final blow, Old Man! He's almost dead!  Kill him! Old Man! Old Man!  What's wrong?! He's not moving!
Marco: It's not that he's not moving... His health has been deteriorating... and he's taken a lot of damage in this fierce war... The Old Man's body has long since passed its limits.
Blackbeard: Y-You monster! You should be dead! Can't you just die already?!
Marco: Old Man!
Blackbeard: Kill him, you guys!
Pirates: Old Man!
Blackbeard: Do it! Turn him into a honeycomb!
Pirates: Old Man!
Whitebeard: You're dying, you say, Roger?
Roger: Yeah.  I don't have much time left. Shall I tell you how to get to Raftel, Whitebeard?
Whitebeard: Even if you did, I wouldn't go.  I'm not interested.
Roger: Do you know what the Government calls me these days? "Gold Roger."
Whitebeard: What?  Is that your real name?
Roger: No, it's not. My name is  Gol D. Roger.
Whitebeard: I've met some of those guys with "D" in their names myself. There's one in my crew too. His name is Teach. What's with that "D" anyway?
Roger: You want to know? Alright, I'll tell you. It's a story from long ago...
Blackbeard: I'm out of bullets. Hey, someone give me another gun!
Shiliew: There's no need. Whitebeard has lost consciousness. I'm sure he'd fall over if you so much as poke him.
Whitebeard: It's not you...
Blackbeard: You're still alive?!
Whitebeard: The man Roger is waiting for... at the very least, Teach... it's definitely not you. Just like there are those who carry on Roger's will... I'm sure someone will appear to carry on Ace's will, someday. Even if you extinguish his bloodline, there's no way that their flame will ever burn out. It has been passed down since ancient times... And in the future... Someday... Someone will appear, carrying the history of all those decades on his back, and challenge this whole world to a fight. Sengoku. You guys in the World Government... all fear that immense battle engulfing the whole world... that will eventually come. I don't care myself... but as soon as someone finds that great treasure... the entire world will be turned upside down. And someone will find it. That day will definitely come sooner or later. One Piece... does exist!
Sengoku: Damn you!
Blackbeard: Those are some magnificent last words!
Pirates: Old Man! Old Man...
Whitebeard: Forgive me... my sons... I'm responsible for one hell of a fool... But thanks to all of you, I had everything I ever wanted. This is the end for me. I've been traveling for a long time... Set sail! It was a good voyage.
Pirate: Now, that's odd!  A pirate who doesn't care about treasure? What do you want, then? Hey, Newgate!
Whitebeard: There's one thing I've wanted, ever since I was a kid.
Pirate: Oh, there is? Tell us!
Whitebeard: A family.
Pirate: A family?  What's that supposed to mean?
Whitebeard: I'm grateful to you. Farewell, my sons.
Jinbe: Old Man...
Blackbeard: H-He died... while still standing!
Narrator: Whitebeard is dead. Even in death, his body did not fall. His figure, taking down enemies while covered in wounds... was truly monstrous. The total number of sword wounds he received in this battle... was 267. He was shot by 152 bullets. And was hit by 46 cannonballs. And despite all this... his proud back... over the course of his entire life as a pirate... never received a single scar from running away! The Navy attacks the pirates, who are devastated after losing Whitebeard. And Akainu once again stands in the path of the unconscious Luffy. Meanwhile, Blackbeard reveals his true ambitions for the whole world to see!
