Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew... and has come to Marineford to save his brother Ace, who was to be executed. Luffy finally succeeded in freeing Ace, but then Ace was hit by Admiral Akainu's fatal attack, and the last of his strength left his body as he lay in Luffy's arms.
Whitebeard: It's not you... The man Roger is waiting for... at the very least, Teach... it's definitely not you. Forgive me... my sons... I'm responsible for one hell of a fool... But thanks to all of you, I had everything I ever wanted. I'm grateful to you. Farewell, my sons.
Man: Head office!  Get me the head office! I've got an urgent report from Marineford! What, really?! Whitebeard really is... Are you sure about this?! You mean Whitebeard...
Narrator: The news spreads quickly across the world. The Whitebeard Pirates' rescue of Roger's son Ace has failed. And their legendary captain, Whitebeard, is dead.
Man: We're doing an extra issue!  Get to work! This is an urgent announcement! Following Fire Fist Ace, we have confirmed the death of Whitebeard! I repeat: At Marineford, Whitebeard has... Whitebeard has... Died! The Whitebeard Pirates are done for, as well! Now the war is over!
Narrator: All of the people who witnessed this historic event to be spoken of throughout the ages... at present, can not muster a single word.
Rayleigh: So you've passed on, Whitebeard.
Narrator: He died at the age of 72. The man who once rivaled the Pirate King on these oceans... the captain of the Whitebeard Pirates... the great pirate, Edward Newgate... also known as Whitebeard. During the fierce war that took place in the Marineford Bay... between the Whitebeard Pirate Fleet and Navy HQ, backed by the Seven Warlords of the Sea... he died.
Doflamingo: What a riot! Now, the era will change completely. No doubt about it. However... I don't think things will quieten down here just yet. We've got the worst criminals of the world, and even the Head Jailer of Impel Down... Blackbeard, you sly bastard... What're you planning?
Man: What's going to happen? Is the war really over? And those words Whitebeard said right before he died...
Whitebeard: One Piece... does exist!
Man: It's only a matter of time before the entire world hears it! If that happens, how will the pirates react? But more importantly, is the war truly over? What did Blackbeard go to Marineford for?
Marco: That damn bastard...
Vista: Marco. We all feel the same way... but we have to retreat!
Marco: I know, Vista.
Vista: Don't just stand there!  Get aboard the ship! Did you forget our captain's final order?!
Pirate: Ace... Old Man...
Vista: Jinbe!  Hurry and take Ace's brother to safety!
Jinbe: Of course! Ace-san... Old Man...  I was unable to help either of you... At the very least... I will save Luffy-kun...
Marine: Don't let the pirates escape! Finish off every last one of them!
Prisoner: Captain Buggy, where are you going?!
Buggy: What are you, retarded?!  I'm running away, of course! There's no way I can take Whitebeard's head now, is there?
Prisoner: Captain Buggy...
Buggy: I failed!
Prisoner: Captain Buggy, now's your chance! Hurry and take Whitebeard's head! You should be able to cross this chasm, no problem!
Buggy: Will you shut up?! Just blindly rushing in there won't do us any good! It's all about the timing! These guys talk like it was the easiest thing in the world...
Blackbeard: In other words, you can't create any more earthquakes!
Prisoner: I see!  You knew this would happen, and were just waiting for it! We'll help you too!
Buggy: Uh, wait a sec...
Prisoner: Go, Captain Buggy!
Buggy: N-N-No, wait a second, you guys...
Blackbeard: That hurt! Damn it...
Buggy: How can a dying old man be capable of all that?! No... That's just because he's the legendary man, Whitebeard... I was too scared, and couldn't even approach him! I was afraid! Whitebeard... He was scary in his prime, and he's still scary when he's dead! Just go ahead and think I'm pathetic if you want to! This is where we part, you imbeciles!
Prisoner: Captain Buggy! He's crying... Captain Buggy! I get it... Yesterday's enemies are friends today! Somewhere along the way, you ended up feeling sympathy for your rival Whitebeard as a fellow man! Even though you were going to take his head! And yet you're leaving without trying to make any excuses! Damn it!  You've shown us something much more important than Whitebeard's head! To think, you ended up sympathizing with him, and threw away the treasure that could have been yours... You truly are... a man among men, just as we always thought you were! You are too cool, Captain Buggy! Please wait, Captain Buggy! Take us with you! Captain!
Blackbeard: He sure was one persistent bastard... So he finally bit the dust?
Lafitte: So far, everything has gone exactly according to plan. Well then, Captain...
Blackbeard: Now, it's time to begin!
Marine: They're up to something again!
Pirate: That Teach... What's he planning to do with the Old Man?!
Blackbeard: I'm about to give you... The ultimate show, that will astonish the entire world!
Marine: What's with that black curtain?! Blackbeard and the deceased Whitebeard are both inside it!
Lafitte: Well then... For the time being, entry is forbidden.
Marine: What are you trying to pull?! That guy betrayed us after pretending to have joined the Seven Warlords of the Sea! Don't let your guard down!
Devon: I'm looking forward to this.
Shiliew: If it fails, I suppose we'll have to disband.
Pirate: Hurry out to sea!
Jinbe: Luffy-kun... Hang in there... You must survive... In this world that Ace-san has already left... On to tomorrow... and the day after...
Marine: Fire!
Jinbe: You must definitely survive!
Ace: Jinbe... If I end up dying like this... I hate to ask, but please take care of my brother...
Jinbe: I might have to refuse that request, Ace-san... You mustn't overestimate me. I'm not that kind-hearted. He might be your brother, but in the world of pirates... I will not lend a hand to anyone I don't think highly of, nor will I protect them. Even now, my way of thinking has not changed. Ace-san, it's not because he's your little brother... I've grown to respect Luffy-kun... And that is why...
Hancock: Hurry, Jinbe!  You must tend to Luffy's injuries!
Marine: Pacifista!  Aim for Straw Hat! He might have been a Warlord, but the Sea Knight Jinbe is now an enemy as well! You needn't be concerned about him! Boa Hancock!  Once again, you've gotten in our way!
Hancock: Fire Fist Ace is gone.  And Whitebeard has also died! I loathe obstinate men! Jinbe... I leave Luffy in your hands.
Pirate: Jinbe!  Come onboard!
Jinbe: Sure!
Pirate: This is... Damn it... The ocean has been frozen! We can't set sail! Quickly, do something about it! It's Admiral Aokiji! Hold Aokiji back!
Jinbe: We have no choice... We must take another ship!
Gendo Ikari: I said I wouldn't let him escape. Why don't you just give up on life already, you imbecile?! Hand the son of Dragon over to me!
Pirate: Akainu... He's not dead?! I thought the Old Man finished him off! He traveled underground... By melting a path with his magma!
Gendo Ikari: Jinbe!
Jinbe: I can't obey that order! I have already decided to protect this man, even if it costs me my life!
Gendo Ikari: Then, I will not ask again.
Helmeppo: Coby!  Akainu-san plans to kill Straw Hat, no matter what gets in his way! There's no escape... Not when he's been targeted by that man...
Coby: Luffy-san...
Pirate: Protect Ace's brother! That was an order from the Old Man! Yeah!  Ace's family is our family!
Gendo Ikari: What do you mean, "family"?!  I'm fed up with hearing that! You sacrificed Fire Fist Ace, and Whitebeard, the one you call your father... You who don't have the brains to do anything but flee...
Pirate: What?! Eat this! It didn't work at all!
Gendo Ikari: Get out of my way, you cowards!
Ivankov: Move aside, Jinbe!
Inazuma: Iva-san.  Allow me to help as well.
Ivankov: Vi will not let vyou lay one hand on Straw-Hat-boy!
Gendo Ikari: I will, without fail, kill Dragon's son!
Ivankov: Ever since Impel Down... the damage that Straw-Hat-boy has taken, both physically and mentally, has long since gone past its limits! If anything else were to happen to Straw-Hat-boy now, while Vi'm here... Vi will never be able to show vmy face to vmy comrade, Dragon, again!
Inazuma: I feel the same way.
Gendo Ikari: I have no time to deal with the likes of you! Both of you, get out of my way!
Ivankov: Bring it on! Right now, Vi am burning far, far hotter than vyou are!
Lafitte: It seems like he's just about done.
Burgess: Hurry and show them all, Captain!
Lafitte: Well then, everyone... Thank you for waiting. Captain Teach of the Blackbeard Pirates is proud to present... the world's greatest show. Please watch closely!
Marine: B-Blackbeard! What was he doing in there?! Whitebeard hasn't changed at all! And Blackbeard is unchanged too!
Blackbeard: Navy! Allow me to show you my power! Now, we are enemies once more.
Marine: What's this?!
Blackbeard: This is the power of my Yami Yami Fruit! And... This is...
Marco: That stance!
Marine: That's... the power of the Gura Gura Fruit! H-How can he be using the powers of the dead Whitebeard?!
Burgess: You did it, Captain!
Shiliew: So we won't have to disband after all. Seems like I made the right choice, teaming up with these guys.
Pirate: The Old Man's earthquake-powers... What's going on?!  Damn that Teach!
Blackbeard: The gravity of darkness that returns all to nothingness... And the power of earthquakes that destroys everything... I've obtained it at last!  Now, nobody is a match for me! I am the strongest!
Marine: I don't know what he did... but he's stolen Whitebeard's power! How can that be possible?! Then, the terror of the Gura Gura Fruit... still hasn't ended?!
Pirate: I thought it was impossible to have the powers of two Devil Fruits!
Marco: It's definitely impossible for ordinary humans... but as you all know, Teach isn't quite normal. His body is fundamentally different from ordinary people's! Is that what led to this?!
Blackbeard: Hey, did you all see that?! Let the whole world know this! Peace-loving, boring commoners! Marines!  World Government!  And pirates!
Man: Is this some nightmare?
Blackbeard: The future of this world has been decided! Yes, from now on... This is my era!
Man: And here I thought the Navy had won now that Whitebeard was dead... How can he possess two Devil Fruit powers?! Who is this Blackbeard?!
Helmeppo: Wasn't the war over?! So how did it come to this?! Hey, Coby!
Coby: Even though Luffy's brother and Whitebeard are dead, this war still isn't over?!
Narrator: Blackbeard rampages freely with the power he stole from Whitebeard. At the same time, the Navy, with Akainu in the lead, pursue the pirates in the name of justice. Without showing any signs of ending, the battle becomes all the more intense!
