Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew... and has come to Marineford to save his brother Ace, who was to be executed. But Ace protected Luffy from Akainu's attack, and died. Then Blackbeard arrived, and the situation became even more chaotic.
Blackbeard: This is...
Marine: That stance! Navy HQ is crumbling to pieces! Get out of here! It's hopeless!
One particular random marine: Is this... real? Someone... please tell me this isn't true! The fortress of Justice, the Navy's base, which has protected the oceans of the world for centuries... How could it end up like this?!
Man: Blackbeard, the one who captured Ace and started this war... has stolen Whitebeard's powers!
Blackbeard: Behold, all you people of the world! Look at me, and my power!
Man: What will happen to the world?!
Blackbeard: I can feel the power... running through my entire body!
Marine: Damn it...
Blackbeard: Such incredible power! It feels like I can do whatever I want, to the entire world!
Marine: Damn him!
Blackbeard: Hey!  What's wrong? What?  Isn't anyone coming? I'm willing to fight as many of you as you like, too... What a shame! Guess there's no helping it. Then, first of all... I guess I'll send Marineford to the bottom of the ocean!
Marine: What?!
Blackbeard: A shockwave?!
Sengoku: We can just rebuild the fortress! However... This is the island at the very center of the world, Marineford!
Marine: Fleet Admiral...
Sengoku: To the citizens of the world, fearing the villains that roam the seas... our presence here holds great meaning! Our system of humanity and justice will never fail... Do not speak of things like sinking this island so casually! You foolish novice!
Blackbeard: Such admirable conviction! Hey, Fleet Admiral-san? Well then... Listen! Just try to protect it!
Pirate: Damn it! Hurry and bring the ship ashore! We must get off this island, all of us! Just wait... We're coming to save you! We have to get back alive, somehow! Hurry up, everyone! Right!
Onigumo: The Navy's victory must be absolute!
Pirate: We have to make it out to sea alive, like the Old Man told us!
Onigumo: Carve the power of justice, and the fear of it, into the pirates' hearts!
Marine: Justice... and fear?
Pirate: Just a little further! Hang in there!
Marine: That's right... This is the perfect time to teach the criminals of the world a lesson! We'll protect the world... With our own power!
Pirate: We're saved!
Onigumo: The power of justice!
Marines: The power of justice!
Pirate: Kizaru!
Ivankov: Now's vyour chance!  Hurry! Get Straw-Hat-boy to safety!
Jinbe: Forgive me!
Ivankov: Inazuma!
Gendo Ikari: Stop right there, Jinbe!
Ivankov: Vyou insufferable man! It's time to settle this once and for all. Vi will not let vyou get any further! Vmy nails melted!
Gendo Ikari: Emporio Ivankov of the Revolutionary Army... You use some peculiar techniques, like the rumors say.
Ivankov: Vi like it hot!
Gendo Ikari: This isn't the time for me to deal with fools like you!
Ivankov: Hot! Vmy lips... Vmy lips... Vmy lips... Aren't hot at all!  Because Vi wear really thick makeup! Hot!
Newkama-guyz: Iva-sama!
Gendo Ikari: Pirate scum!
Marine: Don't let them get away!  Fire!
Helmeppo: Isn't this just too one-sided? The battle is already over!
Coby: Is it really necessary to go this far?
Marine: Crush them!  Completely and utterly! Make sure the pirates never try to oppose us again!
Coby: What was that?
Marine: Remember! The power of our justice! Destroy them! Destroy them! Destroy them! Destroy them!
Coby: What... is this?!
Pirate: Akainu!
Gendo Ikari: Jinbe!  Hand over Dragon's son!
Jinbe: Once I'm in the ocean, we'll be on my field! We can still escape! Oh, no!  It's frozen?! Aokiji! So you've come...
Gendo Ikari: Looks like you've lost your escape-route!
Jinbe: It didn't work...
Gendo Ikari: Straw Hat Luffy! You're mine!
Pirates: Jinbe! He pierced straight through Jinbe and hit Ace's brother! Is he still alive?!
Jinbe: He can't take much more...
Gendo Ikari: You got in my way... Jinbe!
Jinbe: Luffy-kun... Forgive me... I let you receive another injury...
Gendo Ikari: This is no time to worry about others, you scum! My aim was a little off because you interfered... It would've been easier for him if I pierced his heart. Don't you think, Jinbe? Are you still trying to protect him, with that hole in your chest? You'll both die soon enough.
Ace: Jinbe... If I end up dying like this... I hate to ask, but please take care of my brother...
Jinbe: It's not because he's your little brother... I've grown to respect Luffy-kun... I have already decided to protect this man, even if it costs me my life! I will not let him die... Even if I die myself... I will not let Luffy-kun die!
Gendo Ikari: What an absurd claim.
Jinbe: Crocodile!
Crocodile: Someone catch him, and get him on a ship already!
Pirates: Right...
Jinbe: Crocodile!
Crocodile: If you want to protect something, then you should do it right! Don't let these guys keep doing whatever they want!
Pirate: Catch him!
Buggy: It's all over... I'm so sorry for getting carried away, everyone. The legend of Captain Buggy is over. Thank you for your support up to this point.
Pirates: Jinbe! He's not falling back down...
Buggy: What the hell is this?!
Annoying retards: Captain Buggy! You saved Straw Hat and Jinbe! I knew it... Captain Buggy... You just made it look like you were running away, so that you could save your fellow escapee, Straw Hat, in his time of need! How noble! Your nobility is blinding me!
Buggy: They're acting weird again... Jinbe and Straw Hat! How the hell did you end up flying into the sky, covered in blood like this?! Hey, it sure is hot here... Magma!
Jinbe: Thank you, Red Nose... You saved us.
Buggy: I dunno what just happened, but I wasn't trying to save you...
Jinbe: Still, I let Luffy-kun get another grave injury... We must treat his wounds immediately!
Buggy: Oh, shut up!  I'm the one who needs help, you dumbass! It's not like we can treat him up here... Hey!  Who're you calling Red Nose?!
Gendo Ikari: At the last possible moment, another one gets in my way! All the pests have gathered together... Do you all wish to die for that Straw Hat's sake?
Vista: We've all seen his bottomless tenacity and power.
Fossa: He's the man Ace protected, and the Old Man respected him!
Izou: It is our duty to send him on to the new era!
Gendo Ikari: Every last one of you are fools! Whitebeard Pirates!
Marco: Akainu. The great danger you see in that boy you're trying to kill right now... and the great potential we see in the one we're attempting to rescue... Aren't they the same thing?!
Buggy: I can't believe you got me involved again! You listening to me?! Hey, J-Jinbe? You're unconscious?! Hey, where should I go now?! Hey!
Crocodile: Whether he's alive or dead, it's like he's in Hell anyway. So let's just leave him alive and let him suffer!
Gendo Ikari: I guess nothing I say will stop you at this point. Do your worst!
Pirate: I-It's hopeless... Sengoku and Blackbeard are over there... And Akainu and the Commanders are over there... The battle will never end! Captain Buggy!  Do something!
Buggy: Like hell, you idiots! Give me a break, already!
Pirate: Captain!  We've reached a point clear of the ice!
Law: Take us up.
Pirate: What the... A ship emerged from the ocean! That's a submarine! Another enemy? Whose ship is that?
Law: Bring Straw-Hatter over here!
Buggy: "Straw-Hatter"?  That sure is a weird way of addressing a guy... Who are you, kid?!
Law: Straw-Hatter and I will probably end up as enemies, but I have nothing against him. It'd be no fun to have him die here. So I'm gonna take him away from this place! Let me take care of him for now!
Buggy: What?!
Law: I'm a doctor!
Narrator: The Navy's fierce assault doesn't stop. On the battlefield, where the meaningless battle drags on, one man is overwhelmed by sadness. And that sadness gives birth to the great power known as courage, and causes the very fate of the world to move!
