Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew... and has come to Marineford to save his brother Ace, who was to be executed. In the plaza, the Navy is confronting Blackbeard, who has stolen Whitebeard's abilities. Meanwhile, Jinbe is hurrying toward the coast... to help Luffy escape from the battle since his mind broke from the shock of losing Ace.
Blackbeard: I guess I'll send Marineford to the bottom of the ocean! A shockwave?!
Sengoku: We can just rebuild the fortress! However... This is the island at the very center of the world, Marineford! To the citizens of the world, fearing the villains that roam the seas... our presence here holds great meaning! Our system of humanity and justice will never fail... Do not speak of things like sinking this island so casually! You foolish novice!
Blackbeard: Well then... Listen! Just try to protect it!
Marines: Destroy them! Destroy them! Destroy them! Destroy them!
Coby: What... is this?!
Jinbe: Once I'm in the ocean, we'll be on my field! We can still escape! Oh, no!  It's frozen?!
Crocodile: If you want to protect something, then you should do it right! Don't let these guys keep doing whatever they want!
Pirate: What the... A ship emerged from the ocean! That's a submarine! Whose ship is that?
Law: Bring Straw-Hatter over here!
Buggy: "Straw-Hatter"?  That sure is a weird way of addressing a guy... Who are you, kid?!
Law: I'm gonna take him away from this place! Let me take care of him for now!
Buggy: What?!
Law: I'm a doctor!
Buggy: You've gotta be kidding me!  What kind of doctor carries a sword around?! Do you make house calls by submarine or something?!
Marine: What's wrong?  Who just showed up? Trafalgar Law... A rookie from North Blue! What?! If I remember it right, he's a pirate who collaborated with Straw Hat Luffy and got away... after the Celestial Dragon incident on the Sabaody Archipelago the other day! It looks like they've come to save him in their submarine!
Law: Don't waste any more time!  Give him to me now!
Buggy: And I'm saying, who the hell are you and why should I trust you?!
Pirate: Captain Law!  Warships are approaching off the stern!
Law: Hurry!  Bring both of them over here!
Gendo Ikari: I'm telling you to get out of my way! The one you despicable pirates are risking your lives to protect... is the son of Dragon the revolutionary, the world's worst criminal! I've had enough of you mocking the justice of the world!
Izou: Stop Akainu here!
Marco: We won't let you lay one finger on Ace's brother!
Marine: Calling all Navy soldiers! Split into two forces: push back the Whitebeard Pirates' attack,  suppress the Blackbeard Pirates' ambush!
Pirate: Marines are coming up from underground! They had a passageway under there?!
Marine: We've got backup!  Alright!  Take them out immediately!
Helmeppo: Hey, Coby!  Are you feeling alright? You've been acting strange for a while now!
Blackbeard: I'd expect no less from the man at the top of the Navy... Sengoku the Buddha!  You're pretty powerful. But it won't be enough to protect this island from me!
Sengoku: Enough of your big talk!  Just leave Marineford, already!
Marine: B-Blackbeard... is holding back the Fleet Admiral's shockwave!
Burgess: I'll help you out, Captain! W-What the hell?!
Sengoku: Garp!
Garp: I'm a marine... It is my duty to protect Marineford!
Blackbeard: You're just a couple of old men from the previous era! Have a good look!
Bepo: Captain!  We're almost in the warships' range!
Jambarl: Do something, Bepo!
Bepo: Quit acting like you're the captain, damn newcomer!
Pirate: They're coming from over here, too!
Marine: Let's end this with a combined attack! Fire!  Fire!
Bepo: W-What?!
Marine: What is this?! Blackbeard used the power of the Gura Gura Fruit... that he stole from Whitebeard! But... this attack is even more fierce... than when he destroyed HQ! It's not just the ground either! The sky... The sea... Everything is trembling!
Blackbeard: What a thrilling power!
Gendo Ikari: I said I'll never let him escape!
Pirate: We're not letting you pass!
Helmeppo: Again?!
Pirate: Stop the marines right here! We must let as many of our men escape as possible!
Marine: We wont let you! Not a single one of you is getting out of here!
Devon: He's putting on a pretty fantastic show, once again.
Blackbeard: But I can't quite control it yet...
Burgess: Hey, Captain!  If you get too carried away, we'll lose our footing as well!
Sengoku: Blackbeard, you fiend!
Garp: I'm sure Whitebeard must be grieving right now. To see his powers being used by such a novice!
Blackbeard: What do you think, Sengoku the Buddha?!  Garp the Hero?! Can you stop me?! Your era ended with Whitebeard's!
Man: What's Blackbeard doing now?! I've got a bad feeling about this!
Voice: Urgent: Due to the earthquake that struck Marineford... we are issuing a tsunami warning for the south coast of Sabaody Archipelago. We assure you there is no cause for panic, please remain calm.
Man: Run!
Voice: Please take shelter in the elevated areas of Groves 40 to 50, on the northern side of the archipelago.
Man: Hurry up and move!  What are you waiting for?! I'm a noble!  I'll pay you, just let me go first!
Voice: Everyone, please remain calm.
Pirate: The Pacifista have crossed the chasm in the plaza!
Marine: Follow the Pacifista!  Don't let the pirates escape, men!
Pirate: Hey! Keep going, get on the ship! But... Did you forget the Old Man's orders?! We must make sure as many of us as possible return to the New World! Alright! Now, hang in there...
Marine: Not gonna happen!  We won't let a single one of you escape!
Pirate: Old Man, I'm sorry!  I'm disobeying your orders for the first time! I've decided that this is where I'll die! Me too!  I'll go with the Old Man into the afterlife!
Helmeppo: The tremors finally calmed down... What's wrong with you?!
Coby: I don't know!  But I'm so sad!
Helmeppo: Sad?
Coby: I can hear voices in my head... disappearing, one by one...
Helmeppo: What?  Voices?
Marine: We'll show you Navy justice!
Pirate: Is this your idea of justice?! Stop the marines, right here!
Marine: We wont let you!  Destroy the pirates! That's for my friend who died in the war! Damn pirate!  Go to Hell! Now it's time to make them understand!  The rulers of the sea are not the pirates, but us!
Pirate: I did it!
Helmeppo: What kind of nonsense are you spouting?! Have you gone crazy?  Get a hold of yourself!
Marine: H-Help me...
Pirate: Run!
Helmeppo: Coby! Hey!  Where are you going?!
Pirate: As many of us must escape as possible!
Marine: Hang in there!  You can still be saved! We must get him treated! I... I don't want to die... Abandon him!  We're at war here! B-But Sir... This is the time to show the power of the Navy... of justice! We have no time to tend to the victims' wounds! Go! Y-Yes Sir! Chase down the pirates! Crush them all, every last one!
Tashigi: Someone, help him!  Anyone!
Marine: Destroy the pirates!  Don't leave any alive!
Tashigi: The killing won't stop... The marines have accomplished their goals, but are far more brutal now!
Pirate: Our bullets don't work!
Marine: Chase them! Damn villains!
Smoker: Something is wrong... With our "justice" and "evil"... Both sides just act in their own self-interest...
Gendo Ikari: Listen up, men!  As long as you are marines... you must never forgive the evil we know as pirates!
Pirates: Curiel!
Marines: Admiral Sakazuki!
Coby: Hey... Are you alright? Hey!
Blackbeard: Nobody can stop me! I'll destroy everything and swallow it up!
Buggy: Blackbeard, huh?  He's one hell of a guy! I've gotta get out of here as fast as I can!
Kizaru: Just leave Straw Hat Luffy behind.
Buggy: That's...
Bepo: It's Kizaru!
Law: Hurry and get them over here!
Buggy: Alright, I'll leave them with you, whoever you are! Do what you can!
Bepo: Catch them, Jambarl! Alright!  That's good!
Law: Let's dive!
Kizaru: You did well to escape me on Sabaody, Trafalgar Law...
Bepo: He's horribly injured!  Is he still alive? Let's hurry!
Law: Damn it!
Gendo Ikari: Just give it up!
Coby: That's enough!
Marco: A marine?
Helmeppo: Coby!
Coby: Stop, already!  All this fighting, just end it!
Pirate: What's with him?
Marine: S-Someone... H-Help us...
Coby: We're throwing people's lives away! Even though every single soldier has a family waiting for them to return! Even though we've already accomplished our goal! We keep chasing pirates who don't want to fight, drawing out a battle that should already be over... and abandoning soldiers who could be saved if we treat their wounds now! And still, we're sacrificing even more people! What about the soldiers who will fall after this?!
Garp: Coby?!
Coby: We're making them look like idiots!
Gendo Ikari: Huh?  Who are you?! You've wasted several seconds of my time.  The Navy has no use for soldiers who aren't righteous!
Coby: It's hopeless... I'm gonna die! But... I said it!  I said what I wanted to say! I have no regrets!
Helmeppo: Coby!
Shanks: You did well, young marine. You risked your life to create a brief moment of courage... For better or worse, that has greatly changed the fate of the world.
Law: Hurry!  Hurry and bring him inside!
Bepo: Yes, Captain!
Kizaru: That's not gonna work.
Beckman: Don't do anything, Kizaru.
Kizaru: Oh, my... Ben Beckman...
Marine: That's... That ship is...
Law: Cast off!
Pirate: What is... one of the Four Emperors of the New World doing here?!
Marines: It's Red Hair Shanks!
Shanks: I've come... to end this war!
Narrator: The Red Hair Pirates have suddenly appeared. Law attempts to escape with Luffy while the Navy is distracted... but the three Admirals attack him. And then Shanks reveals his true reasons for coming to this battlefield.
