Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew... and has come to Marineford to save his brother Ace, who was to be executed. In the plaza, the Navy is confronting Blackbeard, who stole Whitebeard's abilities. Meanwhile, Jinbe had been hurrying toward the shoreline, carrying the unconscious Luffy, but he was hit by Admiral Akainu's fierce attack.
Shanks: You did well, young marine. You risked your life to create a brief moment of courage... For better or worse, that has greatly changed the fate of the world. I've come... to end this war!
Garp: Red Hair... The one who put Luffy on the path to become a pirate!
Blackbeard: So you've come...
Marine: It's the Red Hair Pirates!
Pirate: Prepare for surgery! They've both lost far too much blood! Prepare a blood transfusion!
Bepo: Captain!  This is dangerous! I know it's rare to see one of the Four Emperors, but hurry and close the doors!
Marine: Impossible! The skirmish between Emperors Kaidou and Red Hair was just a few days ago in the New World! He made it all the way here already?!
Buggy: Sh-Shanks?! W-What are you doing here?!
Shanks: Buggy!
Buggy: Y-Your straw hat?
Shanks: Give it to Luffy.
Buggy: Why do I have to do that?! I refuse! I was in the middle of doing a magnificent fade-out from this war! Do you think I'm gonna keep drawing attention to myself?!
Shanks: Really?  That's a shame. I had a treasure map I wanted to give you, too...
Buggy: Really?!
Shanks: Yeah.  It leads to a great treasure trove!
Buggy: Oh, come on! That's way too good to be true!  You think you can fool me with a story like that?
Shanks: Alright.  I'll just give it to someone else, then.
Buggy: Wha-?!  Oh, crap, wait!  I'll do it! I'll give it to him right away!
Lucky Roo: Chief! You haven't seen Luffy for ten years! Don't you want to take a look at him?
Shanks: Yeah...
Yasopp: He sure got you good, Chief!
Luffy: Why are you all laughing?! That was uncool!  Why didn't you fight back? No matter how many of them there are, or how strong they look... if you let them do all that to you, and then just laugh, you're not real men! You're not real pirates!
Shanks: Hey, don't cry. You're a man, aren't you?
Luffy: But... Shanks... Your arm!
Shanks: It's not worth much, it's just one arm. I'm just glad you're safe. I would like to see him...
Bepo: Captain!  Captain! We'll be attacked if we don't dive right away! I'm begging you, close the doors!
Law: Sure. Wait a sec.
Bepo: We can't wait any more!
Buggy: That was close! You forgot this!  Here, catch!
Law: Something's flying towards us. This is...
Bepo: Captain!  Hurry!  Hurry up!
Law: Sure!
Shanks: I would like to see him, but... I'm entrusting you with this hat. Make sure you give it back one day... once you've become a great pirate. That's a promise, Luffy. If we met now... it would break our promise, wouldn't it... Luffy?
Law: Alright, let's get started. This one's chest is pierced, he's on the verge of death. Straw Hatter has severe external injuries too, but the worst injuries may be much deeper.
Doctor: Do they need anesthesia?
Law: Not necessary. They're both so badly injured that they can't even feel pain. No matter how bad it gets, they shouldn't have the energy to complain. This should be a fun operation.
Gendo Ikari: Red Hair, you scum! You let Dragon's son escape!
Lucky Roo: He's after the submarine! The water is freezing over!
Pirate: His pulse is starting to stabilize.
Law: What now?
Jambarl: This is an emergency!  The ice is closing in on us!
Bepo: This is bad!  This is really bad! If this goes on, we'll be trapped, Captain!
Law: Then do something about it!
Jambarl: We'll dive quickly! Looks like we got away...
Bepo: W-We're safe... W-What is it now?!
Jambarl: We've got to go deeper!  To the ocean floor!
Bepo: We'll get hit!  We're definitely gonna get hit!
Law: Hurry!  Full speed ahead!
Hancock: Luffy!
Pirate: Damn it... They just won't give up! He didn't hit them, did he? Ace's brother!  Jinbe!
Lucky Roo: Luffy...
Kizaru: If they're still alive now... then they're really lucky. We'll just have to give up on them for now...
Marine: Why is that warship sailing out alone?
Hancock: You must hurry! Follow the submarine!
Marine: Follow it?  But it's at the bottom of the ocean! I doubt it even survived the Admirals' attacks just now...
Hancock: No.  They are, without a doubt, alive. Listen well! As one of the Seven Warlords of the Sea, I shall definitely chase down Straw Hat Luffy and finish him off! Report this to the Navy!
Marines: Y-Yes Ma'am! B-But where should we go?
Hancock: Just advance!
Marines: She's crazy, yet so beautiful!
Buggy: What did you say?! You were lying about the treasure map?! D-D-Damn you!
Shanks: It was a spur of the moment thing, Buggy. It's been a long time, huh?
Buggy: W-What do you mean "It's been a long time, huh?" Don't forget that I still hold a grudge against you, Shanks!
Shanks: About what?
Buggy: Don't tell me you've forgotten! If you hadn't shouted to me back then, I wouldn't have lost that treasure map, nor would I have Devil Fruit powers!
Shanks: Oh, that's what you meant?
Buggy: Thanks for the great reaction. I've always hated this side of you! As soon as we were reunited you took advantage of me! I don't care if you've come to end this war, or whatever... I'm ready to start a one-on-one war with you right now!
Prisoners: Did you see that? I saw it! He's talking to Red Hair Shanks, one of the Four Emperors... With that attitude! Captain Buggy! We will follow you... forever!
Shanks: Alright, I got it.  Don't get upset.
Buggy: What was that?! But wait a second... As long as I'm with these guys, I can get off this island safely!
Marco: Red Hair...
Shanks: Marco. Don't continue this fight any longer. Just pull back quietly.
Marine: Hawk-Eye! Where are you going?!
Mihawk: I agreed to fight Whitebeard... Fighting Red Hair was not part of the agreement. I'm leaving.
Shanks: If you keep on fighting... both sides will suffer more pointless casualties. If anybody still wants to fight... then come!  We will be your opponents! What do you say, Teach? No, Blackbeard!
Blackbeard: You're looking more handsome than ever, Red Hair. That scar suits you nicely! Let's quit now. I got what I wanted. It's still too soon for me to fight you guys. Let's go, men!
Shanks: Everybody... For now... Please respect what I have to say.
Man: Here's the final news report...
Shanks: Whitebeard.  Ace. Please leave their burial to us. This war was broadcast all over the world. Don't exploit their deaths more than you already have!
Doberman: What selfish crap are you spouting?! Holding their heads up to the world will be the symbol of our victory!
Marine: It's just as the Vice Admiral says! Are you trying to disgrace our victory?! We won't obey the orders of a pirate!
Sengoku: Very well.
Marines: Fleet Admiral!
Sengoku: I'm fine with entrusting them to you, Red Hair.
Marine: But, Sir!
Sengoku: I will take the blame.
Shanks: Sorry about this.
Sengoku: Tend to the wounds of the fallen! This war... is over!
Garp: Everyone who can move, help the medical staff! Start with the ones who are heavily injured! We can't suffer any more casualties on this battlefield!
Narrator: And so... the greatest battle since the curtain first rose on the Great Age of Pirates... the great war of Marineford, came to an end. Engraving its place in history. Now free of the threat of Whitebeard's name, great changes begin to happen at sea!
