Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew, and then he broke into Navy HQ to save his brother Ace from imminent execution. However, both Ace and Whitebeard unfortunately lost their lives.
Shanks: Whitebeard.  Ace. Please leave their burial to us.
Sengoku: I'm fine with entrusting them to you, Red Hair.
Marine: But, Sir!
Sengoku: I will take the blame.
Shanks: Sorry about this.
Sengoku: Tend to the wounds of the fallen! This war... is over!
Man: What's going on?  I can't make out a thing. So, what happened to the war? Did the Navy win? It's getting clearer. Were the Whitebeard Pirates defeated? Did the Navy truly win? The battle at Marineford Bay, where Navy HQ faced the Whitebeard Pirates, was fought fiercely by the Whitebeard Pirates. This extended the battle more than anticipated, but our soldiers fought with a great sense of justice, and now, the evil Whitebeard Pirates and their allied pirate crews, have all been defeated! We are happy to inform you that Navy HQ has won a complete victory!
Marine: Alright! The Navy is undefeatable!  Praise to our heroes! Someday, I'll become strong enough to be stationed at Navy HQ!
Man: The great war has ended! They did it! The legendary pirate Whitebeard, is no more!
Child: The war is over, right?
Man: Alright! Hooray for the Navy!  Hooray for the World Government! Hooray for victory, justice and peace! Hooray!
Narrator: Not far from the stage of the Great War, Marineford... seven ships are floating in the surrounding waters. These people, who will carry forward the New Age of Pirates, could not afford to miss this historical turning point. They watch intently as the events unfold... Marineford faces its greatest challenge since the Great Pirate Era began, and they feel the undeniable rage of the changing era pulsing through their bodies.
Pirate: Captain Drake. At last... It's over...
Drake: The Navy will never be the same again.
Bege: It won't be long... before this chaos sweeps over Whitebeard's islands, and the sea is stained by blood.
Urouge: The key is Blackbeard. He gained new companions and Whitebeard's abilities. There's no doubt about it.  His crew will be the center of this storm for some time yet.
Bonney: That man, it's all his fault! I'll track him down right away! Let's go to the New World!
Apoo: What's going on now?
Pirate: What do you mean, Apoo-san?
Apoo: They'll be enemies someday.  Do you honestly think he'll save him? I'm talking about Trafalgar Law. That guy is famous for his brutality. He's got to have some ulterior motive for helping Straw Hat.
Hawkins: Peculiar.
...Talking cat-man?: What is it, Captain Hawkins?
Hawkins: Straw Hat Luffy's chances of survival... No matter how many times I look at it, it won't fall to zero.
Pirate: To be honest, I was scared when the war broke out, but now the Great Pirate, Whitebeard, has died. It has to be over, right? I guess.
Kid: What's over? The new force that emerged during this war... That Blackbeard-fellow is a force to be reckoned with. The New World is a sea governed by Four Emperors. Whitebeard.  Red Hair.  Kaidou.  Big Mam! Now that one of them has fallen, the balance has tipped, and I have no idea what's gonna happen! It's beginning now!  A brand new era, and nobody's seen anything like it!
Narrator: The news of the Navy's victory in the Marineford War, the greatest battle since the Great Pirate Era began, spread across the world in the blink of an eye, and everywhere cries of joy could be heard. East Blue...
Man: Hooray! Whitebeard has died! Alright! We're safe now!
Narrator: West Blue...
Man: Hooray!
Narrator: South Blue...
Man: Today, we're having a special bargain! We're lowering our prices as well! The Navy won! Thank God!  They did it!
Narrator: North Blue...
Man: I'm so glad.  Such a relief! Guys!  Let's drink! We've got enough for everyone!
Narrator: The Grand Line...
Child: What are we gonna play tomorrow? I want to play tag! I want to play hide and seek! Agreed!
Narrator: As it is with most historical events... the information changes a bit as it goes around. "The Navy's Victory".  These three words dance on the ocean breeze. And as the world is overjoyed at this great event, the people do not notice...
Man: What?!
Pirate: You're being so cheerful, it's making me laugh! Whitebeard said that the one great treasure, One Piece, does exist! I'm heading off to search for it! There are unknown dreams waiting for us out at sea! We're setting off!
Narrator: "The Navy's Victory". This outcome will not necessarily bring peace.
Man: D-Don't take another step!  Don't come into the city!
Narrator: Now that the threat of Whitebeard is gone... the oceans are thrown into turmoil.
Marine: Fleet Admiral Sengoku! So this was where you were? We've confirmed the situation in Impel Down.
Sengoku: Is Magellan alright?
Marine: He was badly injured, he's on the verge of death... Right now, the medical staff is doing their best to save him. He's a very dedicated man. He appears to blame himself for most of it. The way he feels now, he'd probably commit suicide if he could move...
Sengoku: Don't let him do something so foolish!
Marine: Y-Yes, Sir!
Sengoku: What happened inside that prison?
Marine: This is the current situation: Level Six is in a particularly bad state. It's a real tragedy.
Sengoku: A tragedy?
Blackbeard: Good day, you prisoners living without hope within these cages! All you're doing is waiting for death. What's to lose?  Why don't you try to kill each other inside those cages? I'll free those who survive, and let you join my crew in the outside world!
Prisoner: Are you serious?! Let us out of here! I'll join your crew!
Sengoku: You're telling me he chose the best of the world's most dangerous criminals, and took them with him?!
Marine: Yes.  But he only brought four prisoners; Sanjuan Wolf, Avalo Pizarro, Vasco Shot, and Catarina Devon. Many other prisoners have disappeared from Level Six as well. In other words...
Sengoku: I see.  There were other escapees from Level Six as well... If even a single prisoner from Level Six manages to hide in some country... it will put the people in terrible danger! We must confirm the identities of the escapees as soon as possible, and release wanted-posters to the world! What is it?
Marine: But... Well... The World Government has requested... that the Level Six case... be covered up. They say that any more blunders would affect the people's faith in the Government...
Sengoku: That's absurd!
Moriah: You... Doflamingo...
Doflamingo: Moria, you're far too weak to be one of the Seven Warlords. "Fell in battle during the great war," sounds a lot better than, "Executed by the Government."  Wouldn't you say?
Moriah: Who put you up to this?  Sengoku?!
Doflamingo: Nah... Someone above him.
Bepo: It's so freakin' hot... What's with this heat?  It's too much for me...
Pirate: Be quiet, you!  You're making us feel sweaty, too! Well, his fur is pretty thick.  I'm not surprised.
Bepo: I hate riding the submarine... Spending several hours in a cramped area... together with these scruffy guys.
Pirates: You're the scruffiest one here!
Bepo: I can't take it... I've got no choice but to... make you share my pain!
Pirate: What're you doing?! Hot!
Pirates: Too sweaty!
Bepo: Please!  Just let me breathe the outside air for a little while!
Pirate: Alright!  We get it, so stop getting your sweat all over us, already! We're going up!  We're going up to the surface immediately!
Bepo: I feel alive, again!  The outside really feels great! I can finally relax... Right side, clear. Left side, clear. Front... Snake, clear. Snake?!
Pirate: What? Why is there a snake here?!
Bepo: Oh... crap.
Pirate: What's a Navy Warship doing here? We've got to inform the captain!
Bepo: There's someone up there! It's one of the Seven Warlords of the Sea: The Pirate Empress, Boa Hancock!
Hancock: Do not worry.  I turned all the marines to stone. So, how is Luffy's condition? Is it bad?  Will he recover?
Bepo: I'm impressed that you figured out where we'd emerge. I thought the Navy had tracked us down, and all hope was gone...
Hancock: I had Salome keep an eye on you underwater.
Bepo: I see...
Hancock: Don't try to change the subject, you beast!
Bepo: I'm sorry.
Pirates: So easily defeated!
Hancock: Tell me how Luffy is doing, right now!
Bepo: Ah, Captain!
Law: I've done all I can.
Hancock: So... He's safe, right?
Law: Surgically speaking, his condition has been stabilized... But... He suffered an unbelievable amount of damage. I can't guarantee that he'll survive it.
Ivankov: That's to be expected!
Bepo: Where'd that voice come from?
Ivankov: Earlier in Impel Down, Straw-Hat-boy had been injured to the point where he couldn't even stand up!
Okama: Straw Hat did his best, putting his life on the line! Thanks to him, we were able to escape! We were able to fulfill our lifelong dream... of going to the Kamabakka Drag Queendom because of Straw Hat! It's time to go! From Newkama Land, to the Newkama High Temple!
Pirate: Who are they?
Hancock: Prisoners from Impel Down. It would seem that they are Luffy's allies. They snuck onboard the ship.
Ivankov: Vi'm impressed by how hard he fought. And it was all because of his will to save his brother Ace!
Okama: That's right!  We know all about his efforts!
Ivankov: And then, in an attempt to protect him, that brother... died right before his eyes. There are no gods or buddhas to help him! It's more than enough to shatter a mind or two!
Okama: Damn it... Hang in there, Straw Hat! Make sure you survive!  You got that, Straw Hat?
Hancock: How tragic... If it were possible, I would gladly take his place. I feel so sorry for you, Luffy!
Pirate: He's so lucky... To have the Pirate Empress think of him that way...
Ivankov: By the way, vyou... Are vyou and Straw-Hat-boy friends?
Law: No, I don't really have any obligation to save him. If you're concerned about my motives, I can come up with a reason.
Ivankov: No need.  There are times when vyour instincts move vyour body.
Pirate: Hey, wait, I tell you!  You shouldn't be moving around yet! You've just gone through surgery, so you mustn't push yourself! We told you to remain calm, right? Your wounds will reopen! Where are you going?!
Ivankov: Jinbe...
Jinbe: You're Trafalgar Law... from North Blue, aren't you?
Ivankov: Are vyou alright, moving around in that condition?
Jinbe: Thank you... You saved my life...
Law: Sleep. Or you'll die.
Jinbe: My heart won't calm down.  It's hopeless. The losses I've suffered this time are far too great. But my suffering can't possibly be compared to what Luffy-kun is going through... Passing out must have been some sort of defensive instinct! Even if his life has been spared, I'm much more concerned... about what will happen when he wakes up.
Hancock: Beast over there.  Do you have a Snail Phone?
Bepo: W-We do! We have one! I'm sorry...
Pirate: He's so lucky... He's like the Empress's servant...
Hancock: If we contact the Kuja Pirates' ship, we can take this submarine across the Calm Belt. The Government is certain to come after Luffy if they find out he survived. We will conceal him on the Island of Women.
Ivankov: What?!
Hancock: As long as I am one of the Seven Warlords, he can recover there in safety. Luffy...
