Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy has been separated from his crew, and then he broke into Navy HQ to save his brother Ace from imminent execution... but his efforts were in vain. Thus, the curtain came down on the great war of Marineford, which will be engraved forever in history.
Marine: A pirate ship has appeared near Lascamp in West Blue! We requested assistance from the closest Navy base, but all their ships are already engaged. As for the other bases nearby... Reinforcements are on their way from Branch 80! This is South Blue, requesting confirmation on the location. Damn it!  I thought that after taking down Whitebeard in Marineford... and declaring a complete victory for the Navy, the pirates would be too scared to act! They're not pacified at all, rather, they're rampaging across every sea! What is going on here?!
Voice: We have received word that pirates have invaded Lascamp. Communication has now been lost. Requesting immediate backup. I repeat: Requesting immediate backup at Lascamp.
Pirate: Load the goods onto the ships!  We're going to the Grand Line! Yeah!
Narrator: A couple weeks after the Great War ended, the effects had spread all over the world.
Man: D-Don't take another step!  Don't come into the city!
Pirate: Haven't you heard the news? You should know by now.  This ain't Whitebeard's island anymore. So this mark won't protect you! That's right!  Whitebeard's dead!
Brownbeard: Understand?  Burn this sight into your eyes! From this day forward, the ruler of this island is me, Brownbeard the pirate!
Narrator: The Great War ended with Whitebeard's death and the Navy's victory... but it had the exact opposite effect of what the Navy had expected, spreading signs of unrest throughout the whole world. Going back in time a few days... Luffy was still unconscious, and in order to hide him from the Government, he was being taken to the Island of Women by Hancock, Jinbe and the others, who recently met up with the Kuja Pirates' ship.
Sandersonia: Big Sister!
Marigold: Big Sister!
Kuja Pirates: Snake Princess!
Hancock: I must have worried you, Sandersonia, Marigold. And to all of you... Thank you for coming to pick us up.
Ran: You performed your duties as one of the Seven Warlords magnificently.
Ivankov: Well then... Vmy mission to assist Straw-Hat-boy ends here. Vi'll leave the rest to vyou!  Got it, Jinbe?
Jinbe: I understand.  I cannot swim away freely yet. I must stay and watch over Luffy-kun until he recovers, at the very least. Though I don't know what I can do...
Ivankov: In any case, vyou and Vi share an odd bond.
Jinbe: True.  Even though we were both held in the World's Greatest Prison, Impel Down... if it wasn't for Luffy-kun, you and I probably would have never met.
Ivankov: Straw-Hat-boy really got thrown all over the place at Marineford... It's hard for vme to to leave, but vmy adorable Candies are waiting for vme in vmy Queendom. Vi trust vyou to take care of Straw-Hat-boy from now on!
Okama: So long, Straw Hat!  Thanks for letting us see the light of the outside world! The dream we've had for so many years is finally gonna come true because we met you! Say hi to him for us once he wakes up!
Ivankov: Vi hope fate will bring vus together again someday!
Okama: Hang in there! Don't you die now, Straw Hat!
Ivankov: Well then, let's go!
Okama: To the Newkama Head Temple, the land of our dreams!
Ivankov: Indeed!  To the Kamabakka Drag Queendom!
Hancock: Now, we must immediately set sail for the Island of Women.
Narrator: And so, the ship carrying Luffy made it to the land of women, forbidden to all men... The home of the all-female Kuja Warrior Tribe... The Island of Women, Amazon Lily.
Women: Snake Princess!  Welcome home!
Man: Look!  They're all women! So it was true, this really is a country with only women in it!
Kikyou: You vermin!  You intend to sneak in during the Snake Princess's triumphant return?! You will pay!
Margaret: W-Wait!
Pirate: It smells nice! I'm getting dizzy! This is Heaven!
Law: Hey, you guys. If you don't hurry and get inside the ship... you'll die.
Hancock: Cease this, my underlings!  They are not our enemies.
Margaret & Kikyou: Snake Princess!
Hancock: Luffy is on that ship. He was badly wounded, both physically and mentally, during the war at Marineford. And now he lingers on a point between life and death!
Margaret: Luffy's there?
Hancock: You must carry Luffy into the Kuja Palace as quickly as possible... I will stay by Luffy's side and nurse him back to health—
Nyon: Nyot so fast, Snake Princess!
Hancock: Elder Nyon!
Nyon: Luffy nyot withstanding... the laws of our country will nyot permit... all those men on that stryange ship to set foot on the Island of Women!
Hancock: Then I will only bring the doctor with me.  That should—
Nyon: Nyot acceptable! Even if he is a doctor, it is absolutely forbidden for men to set foot here! This kingdyom has its own skilled doctors.
Law: Well, it doesn't matter to me... but I assume the medical equipment and techniques on this island are as good as those on my ship, right? If his wounds reopen, he'll die for sure. If you're okay with that, then go ahead and take Straw Hatter.
Hancock: Luffy will die?!  If that were to happen, I don't know what I'd... I'd... I'd...
Jinbe: It's clear that we need this man's skills to save Luffy-kun. If you cannot let him stay on the island, then we have no choice.  We have to leave this island.
Hancock: Impossible!  Do you wish to become food for the Sea Kings?! Even if you're lucky enough to slip past them, you may be caught by the Navy! What should I do?
Nyon: Guess there's nyo choice. This is a spyecial exception, but... you may go to the gulf of the island. There, you will be safe from the Sea Kyings.
Hancock: Then I too will go to the gulf and nurse Luffy back to health!
Nyon: You will nyot!
Hancock: Elder Nyon, you insolent hag!  You keep refusing every word I say!
Sweetpea: Judging from the Snake Princess's behavior, this may be the saga of "Luffy's condition is quite severe."
Margaret: Luffy...
Narrator: And so, two weeks pass... Law's group, working to heal Luffy's wounds, are anchored at the gulf on the Island of Women.
Pirate: How long are they gonna close us off in this tiny area? You can say that again.  And I was looking forward to this, too!
Aphelandra: Everyone, sorry to keep you waiting!
Sweetpea: The saga of "It's time for lunch."
Pirates: We've been waiting for this!
Pirate: Good food is the one bright side to all this... You're so right!
Aphelandra: Right, here you go.
Pirate: Thanks so much.
Aphelandra: Don't push, now.  Wait for your turn.
Kikyou: Aphelandra! You mustn't speak to these filthy men! Luffy is the one special exception, ordered by the Snake Princess. Keep that in mind!
Aphelandra: Yes, Ma'am!
Pirate: What's with her?  A little small talk can't hurt, right? Right, Aphelandra-chan?
Kikyou: I have no intention of repeating myself.
Pirates: We're sorry!
Margaret: Umm... Has Luffy woken up yet? I see...
Law: If he wakes up at all, it will be because of Straw Hatter's willpower. It depends on whether or not he's got the will to live.
Kikyou: Margaret!  We're going now!
Margaret: Alright! Pardon me.  Please keep looking after Luffy as you have.
Kikyou: Margaret!  How many times must I tell you not to speak to the men before you listen?!
Margaret: I'm sorry!
Marigold: Big Sister...
Hancock: Luffy...
Ace: You never change, Luffy. Never listening to a single word I say. Always doing the dumbest things.
Luffy: Stop it... Stop it!
Pirate: Stop it, Straw Hat! Are you trying to wreck the ship?!
Luffy: Ace...
Jinbe: Luffy-kun!
Luffy: Ace... Ace! Where is Ace?!
Pirates: Wait! This is dangerous!  Calm down, Straw Hat!
Jinbe: What'll happen if we just let him be?
Law: Well, to put it bluntly... Like I said when we came to this island, if his wounds reopen, he'll probably die.
Pirate: Now!
Luffy: Let go of me, dammit!
Pirate: Stay still, Straw Hat!
Luffy: Shaddup!  I'm gonna look for Ace!
Pirate: Just listen!  Fire Fist is already...
Luffy: I'm telling you to let go of me! Where is Ace?! Ace!
Someone: Sheesh, he just won't listen!
Hancock: Really?  What a relief! I will see him at once!
Nyon: You cyan't, Snake Princess! Everyone wyants to see Luffy. If you go and see him by yoursyelf, everyone in the kyingdom will do the sayme! This is an island forbidden to men. Just letting those strange men anchor in the gulf is already an unprecedented exception to that ryule.
Hancock: I am aware of that, but...
Sandersonia: More importantly, Big Sister, you have to eat properly!
Marigold: She's right, Big Sister!  You've hardly eaten anything since you came back to the island!
Hancock: That's right!  Luffy must be famished as well! Go prepare a mountain of revitalizing food! I shall assist you! Everyone, we must make haste!
Nyon: Even I cyan't keep refusing her any longer... This should be acceptable.
Hancock: And then I... will bring it to him myself!
Nyon: You jyust want to go see him, don't you?! Once he's fully recovered, I promise that Luffy alone can enter the kyingdom.  You can see him then. Until then, please wayt.
Hancock: I will not wait! I am the empress!  You will not order me around!
Nyon: Yes I will! This island has upheld these rules for generations! You truly have been struck by a powerful viryus... To think that the frightening Pirate Empress would get struck by the Love Disease. Still, Impel Down, and then Navy HQ... A single ant jumped into a storm, and returned with his life intact... This must be the work of some god. Just what does Heaven want from that man?
Pirate: Hey, hand me the spanner. Here you go. Hey!  How's the ship? We'll manage.  More importantly, where did Straw Hat go? It seems like Jinbe disappeared, too... No idea. You know, I heard that if men enter the Island of Women, they turn to stone and never come back... but it might be worth risking our lives for! According to Aphelandra-chan, at the port we only saw a small portion of the girls living on this island! The kingdom of women I've always dreamed about... I'd at least like to take one quick look at it... You're gonna die.  You sure are dumb.
Bepo: I wonder if there are any female bears there...
Pirates: It's the island of women!
Bepo: I'm sorry...
Pirates: Human girls only!  Human!
Bepo: I'm so very, very sorry...
Luffy: Where am I? Was it a dream after all?
Ace: I'm sorry... Luffy... I couldn't be saved...
Luffy: Disappear! Disappear!
Ace: Luffy!
Luffy: Stop it! Disappear! Disappear!
Ace: If I end up dying like this... I hate to ask, but please take care of my brother...
Jinbe: The war has ended. Ace-san is...
Luffy: Don't say it!  Don't say another word! I've already... pinched my cheeks so hard it started to bleed. If this were a dream, I'd have woken up by now! It's not a dream, is it? Ace... died, didn't he?!
Jinbe: Yes, he's dead.
Luffy: Hey, Granddad?  Who's Ace?
Garp: Well, you see... He's gonna be your big brother from now on.
Ace: Luffy, the next time we meet, we'll both be legendary pirates. See you at the top!
