Toriko: In commemoration of the starting broadcast of the anime "Toriko", The Toriko!
Luffy: One Piece!
Both: Collaboration Special!
Luffy: In honor of the super popular manga "Toriko" currently running in "Weekly Shounen Jump" becoming an anime...
Toriko: Today will be a Toriko and special-edition One Piece collaboration!
Luffy: So...
Both: Enjoy every minute of it!
Luffy: W-We don't have any food?!
Sanji: Yeah, we're all out.
Usopp: Don't just give us the "we're all out!" You're the cook, aren't you? Keep the food supply managed!
Luffy: I'm disappointed in you!
Chopper: I've changed my opinion of you!
Sanji: Hey, it's you guys who've been eating us out of house and home.
Nami: You guys are the worst. Just after we've drifted into an unfamiliar part of the ocean because of that storm, now our whole food supply is gone.
Franky: Well anyhow, we've gotta stop somewhere and stock up on food, don't we?
Zoro: But do you see any convenient place to get supplies around?
Robin: Hey, what's that?
Luffy: The islands in the south are hot~ Food... Where's the food...?
Nami: I thought we could find a town to shop at but, I guess that was pretty naive. Forget about a town, there isn't a single person here.
Sanji: Looks like it's an uninhabited island. Nami-san, we don't know what might show up, so stay close to me.
Chopper: Eh?! What might show up? I knew I should've stayed back with Zoro, Usopp and everybody on the Sunny. Luffy?!
Luffy: Me- Meat~!
Sanji: A tree that bears meat?
Luffy: Yum! Tastes like real meat!
Nami: That's a pretty carnivorous kind of thing for a plant to have.
Chopper: Look at this mushroom! It's made of cotton candy! Yuuum!
Sanji: This plant... It's perfect lightly boiled al dente pasta.
Nami: What's going on with this island?
Sanji: Well, doesn't look like we'll have any problems with stocking up on ingredients, but...
Chopper: What's that? It's pseudopyxis depressa. This is the one that if you boil and drink, it can cure all kinds of stomach pains. I've never seen it before.
Komatsu: Toriko-san! Please don't leave me behind!
Toriko: Check it out, Komatsu. A rare animal!
Komatsu: This Hungerilla Island sure is incredible. It even have some weird ones.
Toriko: He sure looks delicious, doesn't he? Wanna eat him?
Luffy: Let Chopper go!
Komatsu: His arm stretched?!
Toriko: What's with this guy?!
Nami: Luffy!
Luffy: What're you planning to do with Chopper?
Toriko: Huh? It shouldn't be a problem. I'm the one who captured him. So he's my prey.
Chopper: Eh?! Prey?! You're really gonna eat me?!
Toriko: Yep.
Chopper: Hey, hey, I'm- I'm not tasty! I'm amazingly disgusting!
Toriko: What?! You don't taste good?! Well then, I guess I don't really have a choice... Hey, wait, what if... IT TALKED! Wh-Why can this guy talk?!
Luffy: Chopper's part of my crew! Don't just go eating him!
Sanji: Geez...
Toriko: I'm asking why he can talk!
Nami: What?
Sanji: These are...
Luffy: What a delicious smell... What are these guys?
Toriko: Looks like at some point we accidentally entered their territory. They're Barbecue Pigs.
Luffy: Awesome! The pigs are still walking while they're barbecued!
Toriko: Barbecue Pigs. Ferocious pigs that mercilessly bring the heat on anyone who trespasses on their territory.
Nami: Bring the heat? They're already on fire!
Chopper: Scary!
Komatsu: If you feed them sweet herbs or Ghost Truffles right before eating them, that gives them the best taste. But their Capture Level is 1.
Nami: Capture Level?
Komatsu: Yes. They're set by the International Gourmet Organization, the IGO. It indicates how difficult it is to capture the prey. Capture Level 1 prey takes ten professional hunters armed with hunting guns to finally take down. It's not that high of a capture level for Toriko-san, but this many of them could be dangerous.
Nami: They don't really mind, though.
Toriko/Luffy: They look so good!
Sanji: Barbecue Pigs? Being edible just as you are would make a cook cry. I won't forgive you for that.
Nami: That's the part you're upset about?
Toriko: Itadakimasu.
Sanji: Now what's this smell?
Luffy: It smells like burnt meat!
Toriko: Don't get them mad! If they get mad, they heat up until their bodies get totally burnt! You've gotta finish them instantaneously!
Luffy: Okay!
Chopper: He sure knows a lot about the biology of animals, huh?
Komatsu: Well it's not so much animals, it's ingredients he knows a lot about. That's because Toriko-san is a Bishokuya.
Chopper: What's a Bishokuya?
Komatsu: A Bishokuya is someone who goes after unknown tastes, searches out and eats undiscovered ingredients. Like a food investigator. Toriko-san has discovered about 2% of the approximately 300,000 known types of ingredients worldwide. That's about 6000 varieties. He's the charismatic Bishokuya.
Chopper: He sure is amazing.
Toriko: Hey, I've been wondering about it for a while now, but your body, it's like it's made of rubber, huh?
Luffy: Yeah. I ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit.
Toriko: Gomu Gomu Fruit?! What did it taste like?! Was it good?
Luffy: No. It tasted freaking awful.
Toriko: What? It was bad?
Luffy: Yeah. Well, guess that's just how it goes sometimes!
Toriko: Yeah, guess so!
Sanji: Uh, the taste really isn't the point with that, is it?
Usopp: I'm... hungry... Is Luffy not back yet?
Robin: He is quite late.
Zoro: You think he got lost or something? Aw, well. Guess I should go look for him.
Usopp: Zoro, you shouldn't go! You're just gonna make things even more mixed-up!
Everyone: Itadakimasu!
Toriko/Luffy: Yum!
Toriko: Barbecue Pig. It's got sweet trickling top-quality fat. And the smell of this appetite-whetting spice is irresistible!
Luffy: We've got you to thank for being able to eat something this good. Thanks!
Chopper: So you're Terrycloth? I'm Chopper, nice to meet you. Oh, really?
Toriko: Oh? You got Terry to open up to you. You sure are an interesting little guy. She's a Battlewolf. That's pretty rare, they never get attached to people. Sorry for trying to eat you before.
Chopper: That's okay. I'm friends with her now, right?
Nami: Still, I can't believe we got attacked by pigs that were pre-barbecued. This island is totally surreal, isn't it?
Komatsu: That's because this is Hungerilla Island.
Nami: Hungerilla Island?
Komatsu: It's an island that's known for being teeming with plenty of ingredients. Its existence used to be a legend, but...
Nami: That's this place?
Komatsu: Yes.
Nami: How'd you find such a tiny island in this vast sea?
Toriko: Well, when we were traveling the ocean, I smelled the sweet aroma of food. And we found this place.
Nami: What kinda nose do you have?
Sanji: Nami-swan! I made some nice arrangements of Barbecue Pig! The main attraction is my Deluxe Sanji Sauce made from the abundant ingredients of this forest. Its refined scent brings out the Barbecue Pig-
Luffy: Yum!
Sanji: Luffy! I made that specifically for Nami-san to-
Toriko: You're a cooking genius.
Sanji: Why'd you eat that?!
Komatsu: You, too?! What a delicious sauce... I'm awestruck that you could make such an incredible sauce!
Sanji: Uh, yeah, well being told so honestly and straightforward is a little embarrassing.
Komatsu: The faint citrus scent and sourness is incredible. Ah, I've got it! This is juice from Surprise Oranges, isn't it?
Sanji: You can tell that?
Komatsu: I'm a bit of a chef myself.
Sanji: Hey, this guy could tell that from just one drop of orange juice that I added to bring out the flavor. What's with this guy's sense of taste?
Komatsu: Um, I'm a little embarrassed to bring this out after that sauce, but... if you don't mind, would you sample the flavor of this?
Sanji: Hm? Sure. Yum! This mellow flavor, this exquisite seasoning! You did a pretty good job, didn'cha?
Komatsu: Thank you very much!
Nami: Okay then. We've got all our food supplies together, let's head back to the Sunny. Hey, what happened to the Barbecue Pig?!
Luffy: It was delicious.
Nami: You didn't need to eat all of it! Ugh. You're always, ALWAYS...
Toriko: Gochisousama deshita.
Nami: Geez, and I thought we finally had something to bring back...
Luffy: It's not a problem, right? There's tons of food we can take around here.
Toriko: If it's food supplies you need, there's something out of this world here. The Hungerilla Bird.
Luffy: Hungerilla Bird?
Toriko: Yeah. The legendary ingredient, Hungerilla Bird. We came to this island for the purpose of catching it. 'Course, if we come against it, there's no guarantee we'll come out alive. But they say its meat melts the moment it touches the tongue, that it has a rich sweetness, and exudes an indescribable fragrance.
Komatsu: It has a complex wealth of varieties in it. People who've eaten it are forever enraptured by it. So much that it brought about the rumor that "All tastes lead to Hungerilla." There are stories that people who have eaten it can never forget its taste, and when they realized that, they began to swim through the seas looking for this island.
Luffy: Hungerilla Bird? Just how delicious is it?!
Toriko: Yeah, just thinking about it...
Both: makes me hungry!
Nami: What kinda stomachs do you guys have?!
Toriko: Seeing as it's the legendary Hungerilla Bird, maybe I can add it to my Full Course Menu.
Sanji: "My"?
Komatsu: Toriko-san is making a Lifetime Full Course Menu from hors d'oeuvre to dessert.
Luffy: Toriko's Full Course?! Man, I'd like to eat that!
Toriko: Though I still haven't decided on it at all.
Chopper: But how do you know the Hungerilla Bird is on the peak of the mountain?
Toriko: Take a look. The plants of Hungerilla Island grow extraordinarily fast. But despite that, there isn't a single blade of grass growing on the mountaintop. So that means there's something with a big enough appetite to eat all the plants before they finish growing, which means that without a doubt, the legendary bird, the Hungerilla Bird is there.
Nami: Oh, I see.
Toriko: This is bad news.
Chopper: What are these guys? WHAT ARE THESE GUYS?!
Toriko: One-Horned Bears.
Luffy: So you wanna fight? Gomu Gomu no...
Toriko: Stop. Their meat is tough and totally inedible. So... Run away!
Nami: Wait! Couldn't you just beat those guys up like you say you do all the time?!
Toriko: Outside the purpose of eating them, I don't take the prey's lives. That's my rule!
Luffy: Hm? Really? Okay, then let's run away as fast as we can! Gomu Gomu no... Stamp! Chopper! Nami!
Sanji: That's...?!
Luffy: What is it?
Toriko: This intimidating air... There's no mistake, this is the Hungerilla Bird!
Sanji: Nami-san! Hey, you stupid dog! Collier!
Chopper: Sanji! Heavy Point!
Sanji: Chopper!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no Pistol! This guy's hard.
Sanji: It's like he's covered in a steel armor.
Chopper: Here he comes.
Toriko: It's pretty quick for something wearing a steel armor, don'cha think?
Luffy: Isn't there anything we can do?
Toriko: What makes him so hard is those feathers that cover his whole body. However, the fact that he goes as far as keeping himself covered with something so hard... ...means that what he's hiding inside is just that soft and delicious.
Luffy: Really?
Toriko: But, ya know... With him flying around like that, we can't lay a hand on him.
Luffy: So we just need to bring him down here? Yeah, leave that to me. Gomu Gomu no... Gattling!
Toriko: Not bad.
Chopper: He did it!
Sanji: No. The attack itself wasn't effective.
Toriko: Hungerilla Bird. I'll show you my respect.
Luffy: What?
Toriko: I'll let you see my human weaponry.
Nami: A metallic sound?
Toriko: I give thanks to all of the ingredients in this world. Itadakimasu! Fork! Knife!
Luffy: Pretty good.
Nami: Incredible.
Komatsu: That's Toriko-san for you.
Toriko: Gochisousama deshita.
Luffy: Yum!
Toriko: This fragrance is indescribable. This crispy textured skin, and spreading below it, a marbled meat dripping with bouillon like that of top-quality wagyu beef... ...that melts the very instant it touches your tongue! It's just like some superb high-quality tuna with plenty of fat. Y-Yum!
Sanji: Okay, here's more coming in.
Komatsu: The soup's ready, too. I'm ladling it now.
Nami: What a nice smell. Delicious!
Toriko: This stuff's the best!
Luffy: Well, it's thanks to you guys that we've got plenty to eat, Toriko.
Toriko: What're you talking about? It's thanks to you guys being here that we can eat a Hungerilla Bird like this, Luffy.
Nami: Something as good as this, you'd put in your Full Course, right, Toriko?
Toriko: Hm, I dunno about that...
Chopper: Wasn't this a legendary ingredient?
Toriko: It's excellent, without a doubt. But there are still plenty more delicious things out there in the world. It's not a decision ya rush. Come on, let's eat our fill!
Luffy: Yeah!
Usopp: I'm... hungry...
Brook: I'm so starved that my stomach and back feel like they're stuck together. And worst of all, I don't even have a stomach or a back!
Komatsu: There we go... Put this in here...
Nami: Hey, could I have seconds on soup?
Komatsu: Ah, sure. Just a second. There... Okay...
Nami: What's that?
Komatsu: These are Spice Seeds. I picked them up before. If you add these, they work as a spice and give the soup different additional flavors.
Toriko: There's still more of my adventure with Luffy to go, but... Next week we head off to capture the Galala Crocodile.
Komatsu: It's more like a dinosaur rather than a crocodile! It's ferocious, a 300 year old giant one!
Toriko: 300 years old, huh? The meat must be matured and delicious.
Komatsu: Why're you so relaxed?! I'd better write my will.
Toriko: Next time on Toriko! Undiscovered ingredients, itadakimasu! This program have been presented by the following sponsors. There's still plenty more of my adventure with Luffy to go! Don't change the channel! This program have been presented by the following sponsors.
Narrator: With the Thousand Sunny lost in a mysterious part of the sea, in order to replenish their depleted supply of food, they disembark on the Hungerilla Island, which is overflowing with miraculous food ingredients. Together with the Bishokuya Toriko and the Chef Komatsu, that they met on the island, they captured the legendary bird, Hungerilla Bird.
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no Gattling!
Toriko: Fork! Knife! Gochisousama deshita.
Narrator: And so, the boisterous party went on into the night.
Komatsu: Put this in here...
Nami: Hey, could I have seconds on soup? Just a second. Okay... What's that?
Komatsu: These are Spice Seeds. If you add these, they work as a spice and give the soup different additional flavors.
Luffy: Man, I'm stuffed.
Toriko: That Hungerilla Bird was delicious!
Sanji: So you're really not putting the Hungerilla Bird in your Full Course?
Toriko: Yeah, pretty sure. What's wrong?
Chopper: She says Komatsu and Nami are gone!
Luffy: Huh? What's with these footprints?
Chopper: Something smells nice.
Toriko: It's the smell of high-quality cocoa. These footprints, without a doubt, belong to Cocoalas.
Luffy: Cocoalas?
Toriko: I've never seen one, but they're Capture Level 3. Their meat tastes bad; they're inedible. But I heard they have top-class sweet cocoa beans growing on their backs.
Sanji: Some fancy guys like that attacked Nami-san and him?
Toriko: No, they probably carried them back to their nest. Cocoalas are omnivorous. They'll store anything away as food. And they make their nests in Multitude Fruit Trees.
Sanji: Multitude Fruit?
Toriko: Melon, watermelon, apple, mango, and such. A fruit that contains the savoriness and sweetness of multitudes of different fruit. It's also known as the Fruit Parlor of the Earth! I wanna eat it!
Chopper: You're more concerned about food than your comrade?
Luffy: So where is that?
Toriko: They say that in order for the Multitude Fruit to grow as an extraordinarily sweet fruit, it has to live in the place where it can get the most sunlight. Found it.
Chopper: That?
Toriko: No doubt about it, those are Multitude Fruits!
Sanji: Nami-swan! We're on our way!
Toriko: Wait for me, Multitude Fruits!
Chopper: I feel bad for Komatsu.
Usopp: Luffy... What happened to our food? Luffy...
Zoro: Usopp... You've aged a whole lot.
Franky: At this rate you're gonna end up being just like Brook, nothing but bones. Ain't cha?
Brook: Nice skull joke.
Robin: But anyhow...
Sanji: What's this vapor?
Chopper: A geyser?!
Toriko: Watch out! Who knows where they'll erupt!
Chopper: These things are really hot. And sweet! This is chocolate!
Luffy: What?! Really?
Sanji: Stop letting your eyes sparkle! Focus on running! With as much time as we've taken already, Nami-san could be...
Luffy: What?
Toriko: A huge one's coming!
Everyone: Hooot!
Luffy: Oh no, a river!
Toriko: What's wrong?!
Chopper: Devil Fruit ability users can't swim!
Toriko: What?!
Luffy: Huh? It's not water.
Toriko: Cream? It's a whipped cream river.
Chopper: Yum!
Toriko: Okay, just a little further! Once we get though this forest, we'll arrive at the Multitude Fruits.
Chopper: What was that just now?!
Toriko: Just as I thought, a Caste Leo.
Sanji: Car stereo?
Toriko: Its Capture Level is 4. Its mane is made of some excellently light and fluffy castella.
Sanji: Is that deep bass "uufaa uufaa" sound supposed to be a joke?
Luffy: We're going to where Nami is! We won't forgive anyone who gets in our way!
Chopper: Luffy!
Luffy: What?
Chopper: A sound shockwave.
Toriko: His castella sponge releases sound. It's like a giant speaker.
Sanji: Is there any way to beat it?
Toriko: Yeah. Can you draw his attack straight in front of him?
Sanji: Okay!
Toriko: Okay. Now!
Luffy: Toriko!
Toriko: He can only shoot his sound wave attack straight ahead! So you can attack from the side! 3 Ren Kugi Punch!
Chopper: Awesome! What was that just now?!
Toriko: Like pounding in a nail, it's several punches shooting in at once... The Kugi Punch.
Sanji: Do they dislike us this much?
Chopper: And there's so many of them.
Toriko: These guys move in packs. Five regular Caste Leos and one small Caste Leo. Looks like we're surrounded, huh?
Sani: Fry Gaeshi! What a beaut'ful way to appear.
Toriko: Sani!
Coco: Poison Rifle!
Rin: Endorphin Smoke!
Chopper: Now what's this?!
Sanji: It got quiet.
Coco: Hey, Toriko.
Toriko: Coco! Rin!
Rin: Toriko, I'm so glad you're safe!
Sanji: Ooh! An angel has flown down!
Luffy: Awesome! Are you guys Toriko's comrades?
Toriko: Well, sorta. Say, why are you guys here?
Coco: We heard you'd departed to go capture the Hungerilla Bird. We came here to tell you the secrets of Hungerilla Island-
Rin: Anyway, you're so mean to leave me behind! Searching across this island was really hard! It was totally frustrating!
Coco: Speaking of which... Where's Komatsu-kun?
Toriko: Well, he got carried off by Cocoalas.
Coco: What?!
Chopper: One of our comrades is with him.
Sani: This animal... 'ncredible! It spoke!
Toriko: Damn. They got back up.
Chopper: We don't have time to fight all these guys!
Luffy: Hurry, we've gotta go save Nami!
Sanji: But these guys are dangerous.
Sani: Beaut'ful. Care for your comrades. That is more beaut'ful than anything. Toriko, leave this to us. Get Komatsu.
Rin: We'll be alright by ourselves.
Toriko: Guys...
Coco: Now, you all must hurry, too!
Luffy: Thanks!
Toriko: Then I'll leave you to it. I'm definitely gonna get those Multitude Fruits, okay!
Rin: Multitude Fruits?
Coco: What about Komatsu-kun?
Sani: It kinda seems like Toriko's the only one with a goal different from everyone else's, huh? Well, whatever the case... Wanna take us on?!
Luffy: What's up, Toriko?
Toriko: Nothing... I was just wondering why the Caste Leos didn't attack the Cocoalas which have lower Capture Levels than them.
Sanji: Huh?
Toriko: If they got to the mountain top, then that means the Cocoalas had to pass through those Caste Leos' area. Unable to move quickly while holding her and Komatsu, they'd be an ideal prey for the Caste Leos. But their stomachs were empty. There must be some reason they didn't eat the Cocoalas. I've got a bad feeling about this.
Nami: Let us go! You monster koalas! You...
Komatsu: These are... Multitude Fruits! I-It's the first I've ever seen any! I'm awestruck!
Nami: Huh?
Komatsu: I wonder what they taste like... I wonder how I could cook them to bring out the raw ingredient's taste...
Nami: Would you please think a little more about the situation at hand?
Sanji: That's Nami-san's voice!
Chopper: Sanji! Nami-swan! A pack of... koalas?
Nami: Luffy, Sanji-kun!
Komatsu: Toriko-san!
Luffy: Nami!
Toriko: That's... a Knock-Out Koala! So he's the boss? I heard that when Cocoalas grow to adulthood, they become Knock-Out Koalas, but... I've never heard of such a huge Knock-Out Koala. Now I get why the Caste Leos didn't attack the Cocoalas. They were afraid of the Cocoala boss, the Knock-Out Koala. Looks like they've shown their true nature.
Sanji: Geez. Now we've gotta beat these guys or we can't save Nami-san? What's with this speed!
Toriko: I guess if you factor in their fighting abilities, the Cocoala's Capture Level wouldn't be just 3.
Luffy: Hey, Toriko!
Chopper: Luffy! Toriko!
Sanji: Hey!
Toriko: We'll leave these guys to you!
Sanji: Got it! Luffy, Toriko, you take care of Nami-san!
Toriko: Okay!
Luffy: We'll save her!
Sanji: What?!
Komatsu: Um... What about me?
Chopper: I won't let you get in Luffy and Toriko's way!
Robin: There's some commotion going on.
Franky: Ah, well. If we keep waiting like this, we're not gonna get anywhere. Wanna try bringing the ship around to the other side of the island?
Usopp: I can't move on an empty stomach.
Brook: It would be meaninglessly breaking bones. Ah, that's because all I am is bones.
Franky: Quit complaining! Raise the sail!
Nami: Luffy!
Komatsu: Toriko-san!
Toriko: Luffy, are you okay?!
Luffy: Yeah.
Toriko: This bastard, I find it hard to believe he's just a Capture Level 5. Not bad!
Luffy: Hey, you, give Nami back!
Toriko: Yeah! Hand over the Multitude Fruits!
Komatsu: Eh?! You didn't come to save me?!
Toriko: Luffy!
Luffy: Toriko!
Toriko: What a strength...
Luffy: Okay, now it's my turn! Gomu Gomu no...
Toriko: Knife!
Luffy: It's dirty to use him and Nami as a shield! Toriko! Nami! Komatsu!
Toriko: That's a Multitude Fruit Tree all right. Even with all those intense moves from the Knock-Out Koala, it's totally unperturbed. And by using that recoil, his attack power is increasing tremendously.
Luffy: Sounds pretty dangerous.
Toriko: But, those huge trunks, I'm sure they're sending good nutrients up to those fruits. The Multitude Fruits. I'm definitely gonna eat them!
Sanji: He's still talking about stuff like that?
Luffy: Right!
Nami: Hey, Luffy, not you, too?!
Chopper: What're you thinking?!
Luffy: I give thanks...
Toriko: ...to all of the ingredients in this world.
Both: Itadakimasu!
Nami: H-Hey!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Toriko: Kugi Punch!
Both: Gochisousama deshita!
Toriko: Now then, how 'bout we help ourselves to the Multitude Fruits? Uh... Huh?
Luffy: What? They're acting kinda wobbly.
Sanji: Wh-What?
Chopper: Hey, you guys!
Sani: Hey, this is really somethin'!
Luffy: Hmm?
Toriko: Everyone, get down the mountain!
Coco: The island's true form has appeared.
Toriko: True form?
Coco: I told you that we came here to tell you the secret of Hungerilla Island, didn't I?
Toriko: Yeah.
Franky: Are you okay?
Usopp: It's sweet.
Chopper: Yum! This is caramel!
Toriko: What?! It's true. What's going on here?
Coco: Since ancient times, the legend of the Hungerilla Bird has been chronicled in many different documents. The pioneers transcribed those documents and it has been continually passed down until the legend took its present form.
Toriko: That's why I went on what the legend from the document said. I found this island and captured that phantom ingredient, the Hungerilla Bird.
Sani: But the truth is that the phantom ingredient wasn't the Hungerilla Bird.
Rin: You see, the characters for "bird" and "island" are similar. It seems the person who transcribed it wrote it incorrectly and so it's read wrong.
Toriko: Then, the phantom ingredient is... not the Hungerilla Bird. It's Hungerilla Island itself?! No wonder the Hungerilla Bird made such a weak impact. The island itself is the phantom ingredient, a natural pudding à la mode!
Luffy: Awesome!
Usopp: What the heck is this?!
Robin: I wonder if Luffy and the others are alright.
Both: YUUUUM!
Toriko: It's like a multitude of fruits condensed into this one magnificent sweetness! So this is Multitude Fruit?! It really is the Fruit Parlor of the Earth!
Luffy: Hey, Toriko. Do you think that maybe this whole mountain is made of pudding?
Toriko: You're right! Yum!
Luffy: Ah, hey! I was thinking about eating that!
Toriko: Whatever, there's plenty! Oh, now that I think of it, that mountain over there is ice cream!
Luffy: What?! Why didn't you say so sooner?!
Chopper: Hey! This castella is good, too!
Sanji: Hey, isn't that the mane from one of those Caste Leos from before?
Nami: So, you ate like pigs, and in the end Toriko's not putting it in his Full Course, huh?
Toriko: Yeah, well, the world's a big place. There are still plenty of delicious things out there.
Luffy: You really are a glutton, aren't you?
Sanji: We're all stocked up on food supplies. We can set sail at any time.
Luffy: Righto! Well, we're going.
Toriko: Okay. Let's meet again somewhere. And then, I'll treat you to my Lifetime Full Course.
Luffy: Okay, I'll be looking forward to it, Toriko.
Toriko: See ya, Luffy.
Chopper: Bye!
Komatsu: Goodbye!
Sani: Cheerful farewells are nice, but... Who the hell are those guys?
Nami: Okay, let's leave this part of the sea! We've got all our food supplies.
Zoro: Hey, that's nothing but pudding, isn't it?!
Usopp: No, no, no. They say that if you add soy sauce to pudding it makes it taste like sea urchin, so with this wealth of varieties, let's harvest a sea of sea urchins!
Toriko: So, Komatsu, guess it's about time for us to get going, too. To a journey in search of new ingredients!
Komatsu: Yes, Toriko-san!
