Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Losing his brother Ace in the great war against the Navy... caused Luffy to be overwhelmed by sadness. But now we turn the clock back ten years... This is the tale of how Luffy and Ace became brothers.
Luffy: Here I go!
Ace: What do you think... you're trying to do?!
Sabo: One point!
Ace: I won't lose to anyone! And I...
Sabo: I want to become stronger! I'll become much, much stronger!
Ace: I win, Sabo!
Sabo: Damn it...
Luffy: Dammit!  You always have a good fight, Ace and Sabo! Sabo!  You're fighting me next!
Sabo: Shouldn't you be dodging? I won't hold back, you know! Your rubber-powers again? You only stretched out your fingers... This is cool!
Luffy: S-S-Stop it!
Ace: I hate to ask this... But are your abilities good for anything at all?
Luffy: Dammit!  It just won't work! And I was so close, too! One more time!
Ace: No.  One hundred fights each per day. You can try again tomorrow.
Sabo: Luffy lost fifty times against both me and Ace. I have twenty-four wins and twenty-six losses against Ace. Lost by two points, huh?  Damn it!
Luffy: You two!  I'm gonna beat the crap out of you after I turn ten!
Ace: We'll be thirteen by then. Let's go and get supplies for dinner. Right. Wanna go for some crocodiles?
Luffy: Crocodile meat sure is tasty!
Sabo: Luffy, don't get eaten this time! Last time, you only survived because of your inflated body.
Ace: Just watch us.  You can't swim, so you'll only get in our way...
Luffy: Crocodile meat!
Ace: I told you to just watch!
Narrator: The harsh conditions of Mt. Corvo... made them stronger every day. To the north of this mountain... lies the final station of uncertainty, the Gray Terminal. And even further north... lies a town surrounded by a giant stone wall, completely closed off. An entrance known as the Great Gate is the only way in. Twice a day, massive piles of trash gathered from all over the country are brought through here.
Man: Here it comes! Let's go look for treasure!
Narrator: The inhabitants of the Gray Terminal will occasionally enter the town to resell goods that they find.
Man: Hey, wait!  What are you carrying there?
Sabo: Crocodile skin.  I'm going to sell it.
Man: Crocodile? Move along!
Narrator: Once you pass through the Great Gate, you enter a wide street filled with people from the city. This is Edge Town. Edge Town is where the city's delinquents and hoodlums hang out.
Man: Hey, you!  Just leave that package of yours right here! Hey, say something already!
Ace: Shut up, you pathetic hoodlum.
Man: What?! T-This guy's...
Ace: If you're gonna rob people... then you should choose your victims more carefully!
Man: It's the group from the other day!
Ace: Let's go!
Luffy & Sabo: Yeah!
Narrator: Deep within the city, another great stone wall stands. Within these walls lies High Town, where the royals and nobles live. The name of this country is Goa Kingdom. It is known as the most beautiful kingdom in all of East Blue, without a single piece of trash. Even Windmill Village, where Luffy was born, is in a remote, overlooked part of this country.
Sabo: I'm glad we got so much money for the crocodile skin! Now we've got even more for our Pirate Fund!
Luffy: I'm hungry!
Ace: Hang in there just a little longer. You'll get to eat some delicious ramen in just a minute.
Sabo: Ramen?  What's that? Is that good?
Luffy: Anything will do, I just really want some food!
Ace: This is the place.
Manager: Welcome... W-Wait a minute! This restaurant doesn't serve your kind!
Sabo: I'd like your best private room.
Manager: T-That crest is... Such an honor, a noble coming to our humble restaurant! We will prepare the room for you immediately!
Ace: That's a handy thing you've got there!
Sabo: Well, I picked it up in town earlier...
Waitress: Here are your three orders of ramen.  Sorry to keep you waiting! Take your time and enjoy!
Sabo: So this is ramen?
Luffy: It looks tasty!
Ace: Well, try eating some.
Luffy: Delicious!
Sabo: You're right, this is delicious!
Luffy: I want more...
Sabo: I'd like another serving.  Three orders of ramen!
Waitress: Yes, right away!
Sabo: Another serving!
Waitress: Uh, right!
Sabo: Another!
Waitress: Uh, yes!  Please wait a moment!
Sabo: More!
Waitress: Excuse me! M-Manager!
Manager: What?! Mr. Customer, I was just told that...
Ace: Damn, we're busted!
Sabo: Run!
Manager: They're running away without paying! Somebody, catch them!
Sabo: That ramen was delicious!
Ace: I told you so!
Man: They're just kids? It's those three again!  They're known criminals!  Why'd you let them in?! Don't let them escape! Somebody, please catch those three children!
Waitress: To think that they escaped through the window... This is the fourth floor!
Manager: They've cost us 26 bowls of ramen and a window!
Waiter: M-Manager!  They left this note!
Manager: Wha... Pay us back with treasure?!
Sabo's father: Sabo?! Isn't that Sabo?! Wait! You're still alive? Please, come home!
Ace: Hey, Sabo!  He's calling for you!
Luffy: Who's that?
Sabo: He must think I'm someone else.  Let's go!
Sabo's father: P-Please wait! Sabo...
Sabo: What?  I'm not hiding anything!
Luffy: Really?
Ace: Of course he is!  Spit it out, Sabo! Do you think it's right to keep secrets from each other?
Luffy & Ace: Speak up!
Sabo: Like I said, it's nothing...
Ace: Tell us, already!  I'm gonna beat you up!
Sabo: I'll... I'll tell you!
Ace: The son of a noble?!
Luffy & Ace: Who?
Sabo: I am!
Luffy & Ace: So?
Sabo: You wanted to know! The truth is, both my parents are alive. I'm not an orphan, and I didn't grow up in the Gray Terminal either. The man who called out to me today... was my father. I lied to you. I'm sorry.
Luffy: He apologized, so it's fine, right?  I forgive him.
Ace: To tell the truth, I'm shocked. If you were born as a noble, why would you want to go to that place?
Sabo: The reason why I ran away from home...
Sabo's father: Listen close, Sabo. You must acquire intelligence and manners that befit a noble. You have to grow up to be a man who can marry into the royal family.
Sabo's mother: If you do that, our family's status will be secured!  And you will be happy!
Sabo: Can I really become happy by marrying a girl from the royal family?
Sabo's father: It's true.
Sabo's mother: That's right, Sabo.
Sabo: Sure! I'll do my best!
Sabo's father: What?! The cargo ship sank?! I don't care about the lives of the crew! I had to pay a lot for that cargo, what are you going to do about that?! Hello?  Hello?! Damn it! This is a huge loss!
Sabo: Dad! Look at this!  I drew it!
Sabo's father: I'm tired from work, Sabo. If you have time to draw a picture like this, then do some more studying in your room!
Royal snob: Hey, you. I'm a child of the royal family, that means I'm related to the king! Carry me home on your back. Wait, you insolent filth! Hey!  Are you ignoring an order from royalty?!
Sabo: What are you doing?!
Royal snob: You're just the son of a noble! I'll teach you a lesson!
Sabo: Don't!
Royal bitch: To think that he'd hurt the son of royalty... He's done something completely unforgivable!
Sabo's mother: S-Sabo!  Did you really get into a fight with this royal son?
Sabo: Yeah, and he really hurt me... But that's because he pulled a knife on m-
Sabo's mother: I am so sorry!  I hope he's not hurt at all? I am really, really sorry! Let's take him to see a doctor right away! Please, don't tell anyone about this...
Sabo: All they wanted was an heir to protect their status and fortune. Not me. If I couldn't marry a royal girl, I'd be trash to them. For that reason, they made me study with a tutor every single day. My parents would always fight because I wasn't good enough for them. I was nothing but a bother in that house. I feel bad for you two but, even with parents, I'm still alone!
Sabo's father: I heard that sometimes you leave the house and run off somewhere. I don't like to consider it... but you must never go near the Gray Terminal. We're nobles, we live in High Town with the king and royals.  The people who live in the trash... are from a completely inferior world!
Man: What, you're here again? If you keep loitering around here, I don't know how long it'll be before you're stripped and killed.
Sabo: Let me hear your stories today too! The ones about all the different countries you've seen and visited across the sea!
Man: You sure are one weird kid! Well, alright.  Sit down.
Sabo: Sure! The nobles despise the Gray Terminal, but I'd rather stay there than live a life... that's been planned decades in advance in that suffocating High Town!
Ace: I see.
Sabo: Ace!  Luffy! The three of us have to set out to sea someday! We'll get out of this country and be free! I want to see the wide world, and write a book about what I saw! If I have to study in preparation for the voyage, then that's no problem! Let's get stronger, and become pirates!
Ace: I'd become one even if you didn't tell me to! I will become a pirate, defeat everyone in my way, and become known across the whole world! That will be the proof that I lived! I don't care if the world doesn't accept me... No matter how much they hate me... I'll become a great pirate and stand above everyone else! I won't run from anyone, or lose to anyone! I'll make sure the whole world knows my name, even if it's through fear!
Luffy: Really?  Alright... I'm gonna...
Ace: And here I was wondering what you'd say...
Sabo: You sure are an interesting guy, Luffy! I can't wait to see what the future has in store for you! But wait... Becoming pirates is one thing... but all three of us want to be captain, don't we?
Ace: An obstacle I hadn't considered... Sabo, I just thought you'd be my navigator or something...
Luffy: You guys come with me on my ship!
Ace & Sabo: No thanks!
Luffy: Why not?!  Come onboard!  Hey come on, join me!
Ace: That's never gonna happen!
Sabo: Yeah, no way.
Luffy: What?! Well, okay then.
Ace: What the hell?
Sabo: You really are an interesting guy, Luffy!
Ace: Well, we can decide our future later. We might end up sailing on separate ships...
Luffy: Oh, you stole that from Dadan?
Ace: Have you heard? When you exchange sake cups, you become brothers.
Luffy: Brothers?  Really?!
Ace: When we become pirates, we might not be crewmates on the same ship... but our bonds will keep us connected as brothers! No matter where we are or what we do, our bond will not be broken! With this, starting today, we're... brothers!
Trio: Yeah!
Narrator: Dreaming of the day when they set out to sea as pirates, Luffy and the others get into all sorts of mischief. Then an attack by a certain individual threatens their peaceful life, and the trio are forced to say goodbye to their life with the Dadan Family.
