Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! After losing his brother Ace in the great war against the Navy, Luffy was overwhelmed by unbearable sadness. But now, we go back in time ten years, to East Blue... This is the story of the brothers Luffy and Ace, when they were children.
Ace: Here it comes!  The storm is coming!
Sabo: If you're gonna come, then bring it on!  Blow stronger!
Luffy: Awesome!  The wind keeps picking up!
Ace: Luffy!  Don't let the flag be torn off!
Sabo: Losing your flag is the ultimate disgrace for a pirate!
Luffy: Alright! Come at us, strong gust of wind!
Ace: Show us what you've got, great storm!
Sabo: Bring it, you jerk!
Ace: Here it comes!
Ace & Sabo: Luffy!
Ace: Are you alright?
Luffy: Save me!
Ace: What're you doing, Luffy?
Luffy: Don't just laugh, help me! Amazing!  We made it through the storm!
Sabo: Our base was wrecked, though.
Ace: Alright!  Let's go gather some new wood!
Luffy: I want a telescope!
Ace: Dumbass, you think something like that's just gonna fall out of the sky?
Sabo: In that case, I'd rather find a cannon.
Luffy: If a cannon fell out of the sky, that'd be awesome! It's no use, Ace.  I can't find a telescope!
Ace: Luffy, why are you looking for a telescope? Go find some usable wood instead!
Sabo: I think this should be enough... It's a telescope! Luffy will sure be happy!
Bluejam: Hey, kiddo. I never would have guessed that one of the infamous three troublemakers was a noble!
Sabo: Bluejam!  How do you know that?!
Bluejam: Hey, don't hurt him, now.
Sabo: You wanna fight, bastard?! Ace!  Luffy!
Luffy: My eyes are spinning...
Ace: You alright, Sabo?
Sabo: Yeah!
Ace: If all three of us work together, these guys aren't scary at all!
Luffy: That's right!  We even beat the great tiger of Mt. Corvo!
Pirate: You little brats!
Ace: To finish the fight quickly, we just have to go for the captain!
Luffy: Yeah!
Trio: What?!
Bluejam: Alright, kids.  Stay where you are!
Ace: We're not scared of that gun! Damn!  Let me go!
Sabo: Damn you!
Luffy: Move!  Or I'll send you flying!
Sabo: Let me go, you bastards!
Sabo's father: Looks like we came at just the right time.
Sabo: Father...
Bluejam: Master, he doesn't have a single scratch on him. Hey!
Sabo: Damn it, you...
Ace: Sabo!
Sabo: You'd even hire pirates to bring me back, Father?
Sabo's father: I see, it must be because of these two?  They led Sabo down a path of evil?
Luffy: Give Sabo back!
Sabo's father: What do you mean, "give him back"? Sabo is my child! It is the responsibility of every child to live according to the will of the parents who gave him life! You have some nerve, lying to Sabo and convincing him to run away from home! Just a measly pair of kids like you! Are you attempting to steal my fortune?
Ace: What was that, you bastard?!
Sabo's father: Hey now, pirate!  Be careful how you handle these children! You got some of this inferior filth's blood on my face!
Luffy: Ace!
Pirate: Hey!
Sabo: Please, stop!  Nobody deceived me! It was my choice to leave home!
Sabo's father: Just be quiet!  Hey. I trust that you pirates will take care of the others.
Bluejam: Of course we will, master. After all, we've received payment. Rest assured, I'll finish off these two so they never bother your child again.
Sabo: Wait a second, Bluejam! Father, it's alright!  I understand!
Sabo's father: What do you understand?
Ace: Don't do it, Sabo!
Sabo: I'll do whatever you ask of me. I'll live just as you tell me to, so... don't hurt these two.  That's all I ask. Please.  They're my irreplaceable... brothers.
Ace: Sabo...
Sabo's father: In that case, come back home, now! Stop with this ridiculous pirate game, right now!
Ace: Hey!  Don't go!
Pirate: Be quiet!
Ace: Sabo!  Just run!  We'll be fine! We were gonna share our freedom together, remember?!
Luffy: Sabo!  Don't go!
Ace: Are you gonna let it end like this?! Sabo!
Luffy: Sabo!
Ace: Sabo!
Pirate: Captain, what do we do with these kids?
Bluejam: Bring them back to our base.
Pirate: Yes, Sir.
Luffy: You bastards!  Untie us! Fight us again!  This time, we won't lose!
Pirate: Stay quiet!
Ace: What did you bring us out here for?!
Bluejam: Those nobles have it made, eh? You kids think so too, right? They look down on all of us and think we're trash... while they live their proud, carefree life... Wouldn't you say he's better off living as a noble?
Ace: What the hell are you trying to say?!
Luffy: Pirates are much better, of course! Sabo said so too!
Bluejam: I feel sorry for you two Hey, untie their ropes.
Pirate: Right.
Bluejam: Why do you think the child of a noble would leave High Town and go to the Gray Terminal? All nobles are the same, whether they're adults or kids. There's no doubt he thought we were all fools. In his heart, he was looking down on you two as well.
Ace: Don't be ridiculous!  Sabo isn't that kind of guy!
Luffy: That's right!  We're brothers!
Bluejam: Oh, is that so?  Please forgive me. But you two won't ever go near that kid again, will you? If you're planning to do that, I've got no choice but to kill you right here, right now. If you think he's your brother, then it's better for him, too, if you just left him alone.
Ace: It'd be better for Sabo?
Luffy: But Sabo hated High Town!
Bluejam: Just forget all about that. That's what kindness is.  You'll understand it when you grow up. Oh, and... We've had our differences in the past, what with that Porchemy incident... but what's past is past.  Or rather, I like strong guys like you. So I've got a suggestion for you.  It's not a bad deal. I'm short on men right now. Will you help me out with a job? Oh, it's a simple job.  There's nothing dangerous about it. I've got a map of the Gray Terminal here. You've gotta carry some goods to the spots marked with an X.  That's all. So, are you up for it?
Ace: Alright. How much will you pay us?
Luffy: Ace... I don't like it when Sabo's not around!
Ace: Deal with it.  I want to go get Sabo too. But I don't know what would really make Sabo happy. Let's see how things go.  He's strong. If he isn't happy, he's sure to come back to us. We've gotta keep collecting the Pirate Fund in case that time comes.
Sabo: I won't say it.  This isn't Ace and Luffy's fault.
Sabo's father: You can't tell us the truth?! What is the meaning of this?! Don't tell me, they've threatened to hurt you if you say anything out of line?
Sabo: They're not like that!
Officer: If you have a criminal record, it will affect your family's reputation here in High Town. You won't be able to enter High Town yourself either.
Sabo's father: The only reason you were involved in those violent incidents was because those two forced you into it! Am I right, Sabo? Sabo.  The lives of your two friends in the Gray Terminal are currently in the pirates' hands. One order from me is all it will take. If they really are so important to you, you should think carefully about what you do now. You are a smart child.  You should realize the answer quickly.
Sabo: Didn't you promise that you wouldn't do anything to them?! That's the only reason I came back here! A sin is a sin.  All three of us acted of our own free will!
Sabo's father: Oh, dear... It is such an inconvenience, having such a stupid son. You understand, do you not?
Officer: It must be very hard for you. I'll do what I can about the documents.
Servant: Welcome home, master.
Sabo's father: Now, Sabo.  Come inside. It has been so long since you've been home. Oh, but you mustn't enter the house filthy as you are now. First, wash and disinfect yourself in the garden. And then take a proper bath.
Servant: Young master, I am so glad you're safe.
Sabo's mother: Oh, Sabo, you're back! My, how you've grown!
Sabo: Mother...
Sabo's mother: Now, Stelly, say hi to your big brother.
Stelly: It is a pleasure to meet you, big brother.  My name is Stelly.  I'm eight years old.
Sabo: Who is that?
Sabo's father: He's an adopted child.  Naturally, he's a high-born child from a noble family. But due to unfortunate circumstances, his parents abandoned him. We adopted him since he's a promising child. And as insurance, in case you don't become a suitable heir... Oh, I said more than I needed to. Please, leave me.  Your studies begin tomorrow, after all.
Ace: Are you gonna let it end like this?!
Stelly: Hey, big brother. I heard you're an idiot? Mother and father kept saying that in secret. Still, you've got the devil's luck.  They'll be "disposing of the trash" tomorrow night. If you'd stayed in the Gray Terminal... you'd probably have died. But, for my part, it would have been better if the real heir of this family had never come home. W-What are you doing?!  I'll tell Father about this!
Sabo: What did you mean by that?! What's going on?!  Tell me everything!
Stelly: There's gonna be a fire tomorrow!  In the Gray Terminal!
Sabo: Fire?
Stelly: That's right.  I suppose there's no way you could know since you ran away from home. It was decided several months ago. Did you know that inspectors from the World Government are touring East Blue? They're coming to Goa Kingdom in three days. One of the World Nobles, a Celestial Dragon, will be on that ship.  People are really worked up about it! The royal family is determined that the Celestial Dragons won't see the filth in this country... so they decided to burn all of the Gray Terminal to the ground! If they do that, this country will be spotless!
Sabo: What are you talking about?! There's no way they can do that! Lots of people live there! You mean they're gonna destroy everyone's home?!
Stelly: Let go of me! Didn't you hear what I said? They're gonna burn all the filth in this country.
Sabo: Even the people?
Stelly: H-Hey? Where are you going? What floor do you think we're on?! I... I don't care.
Sabo: It's not true.  It has to be a lie! It wouldn't be easy, burning such a large area! It's the guys from this afternoon...
Man: Are we ready for tomorrow?  There can't be any mistakes! We've done our part flawlessly, but we can't be sure about the pirates. We have to make sure they burn the trash properly. Bluejam's crew should have the oil and explosives... placed all over the Gray Terminal by the scheduled time tomorrow.
Sabo: Bluejam's involved in this, too? It's true!  This whole outrageous story is true!
Luffy: I wonder what Sabo's doing?
Ace: Shut up.  Just sleep. We promised to forget about Sabo for now, right?
Luffy: Alright...
Ace: He might be happier this way.
Luffy: Sabo...
Ace: Luffy!
Luffy: Telescope...
Sabo: If the fire's really going to happen, I should be able to tell from the way that people act in the city.
Nobleman: Oh, good morning.
Noblewoman: Good morning.
Nobleman: It is a beautiful morning, is it not?
Noblewoman: Indeed it is.
Sabo: Oh... They're not acting out of the ordinary at all. I guess I'll check how the rest of the city is doing, too.
Nobleman: We should have an even more beautiful morning tomorrow, though.
Noblewoman: Indeed.
Sabo: The city seems no different than usual.
King: The wind is strong today.
Servant: Indeed it is, your majesty.
King: Accidents could easily happen. We must be careful with the fire.
Servant: We must indeed, your majesty.
Sabo's father: Sabo... isn't in the mansion?! What a disobedient son he is!  He still intends to ditch his studies and play pirate?! Search all of High Town for him! He won't be able to leave High Town easily!
Sabo: Excuse me, Sir...
Man: What is it, child?
Sabo: I heard there's gonna be a fire in the Gray Terminal tonight...
Man: I am aware of that.  What of it?
Sabo: He knows?!
Man: What family are you from?
Sabo: The fire really is going to happen!
Man: Hey, child!
Sabo: How can this be?!  Do they all know?! They know, but they don't act any different than usual?! Nobody cares that the Gray Terminal will be burned?!
Bluejam: So you came, kids.
Ace: You want us to carry those boxes around today too?
Bluejam: Yeah.  Also, I've got a big job for you tonight. I'll explain the details later.
Sabo: Father knew it as well... That's why he came to get me before the fire. I might be a stupid son, but he wants to preserve the fortune and blood of the family.
Nobleman: Oh, sorry.  You'll have to forgive my dog. Why are you so upset, boy?
Sabo: No, it's nothing...
Nobleman: Oh?  Well, that's fine then.
Sabo: D-Do you know, that there's gonna be a fire in the Gray Terminal tonight?
Nobleman: Yes, I know that...
Sabo: How can the citizens, and you, be so calm about this?! Why is nobody trying to prevent it?!
Nobleman: It seems that you have a kind heart, boy. But, listen well. This fire is something we must all remain quiet about. What do you think would happen if someone outside of High Town heard of it? We are special! If you too are the child of a noble... Hey, child!
Sabo: Ace!  Luffy! There's something wrong with this town!  They're all mad! They all know people are going to die, but they don't care.  They even seem happy about it! I don't want to be in this town! I have to let people know as soon as possible! Why'd the wind have to be so strong today, of all days?!
Man: There!  Isn't that... There's no doubt.  It's the boy who ran away from home! Hey, you, wait up!
Sabo: The people of this country intend to burn away the stains of the kingdom, tonight! You have to get away from the Gray Terminal.  Ace, Luffy! Run!  Ace!  Luffy!
