Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! After losing his brother Ace in the great war against the Navy, Luffy was overwhelmed by unbearable sadness. But now, we go back in time ten years, to East Blue... This is the story of the brothers Luffy and Ace, when they were children. Luffy and Ace had exchanged a toast of brotherhood with Sabo. He was then captured and taken back home by his father, a noble.
Sabo: I'll do whatever you ask of me. I'll live just as you tell me to, so... don't hurt these two.  That's all I ask. Please.  They're my irreplaceable... brothers.
Nobleman: This fire is something we must all remain quiet about. What do you think would happen if someone outside of High Town heard of it? We are special! If you too are the child of a noble...
Sabo: Run!  Ace!  Luffy!
Police: Wait!  Stop right there!
Man: I am aware of that.  What of it? They should have the oil and explosives placed all over the Gray Terminal...
Noblewoman: A-Are you alright?
Sabo: Out of my way! I have to tell them...
Nobleman: It's dangerous to run around like that, child.  Please be more careful.
Police: We got him!
Sabo: Let go of me!
Police: Hey, calm down!
Sabo: Ace!  Luffy!
Ace: What?!  You're burning down the Gray Terminal?! Why would you do that?!
Bluejam: You idiot!  Don't be so loud! Or else someone might hear you!
Luffy: This is awful!  We have to let everyone know! He really is a bad guy after all!
Bluejam: I told you not to cause a scene!
Luffy: What are you doing, you bastard?!
Bluejam: Hey.  Restrain them. It's not like I'm the one responsible for all this...
Luffy: Let go of me, dammit!
Bluejam: It's not like I'm the one responsible for all this... The boxes you placed around here yesterday were filled with oil and explosives. Soon, a fire will be unleashed that is so fierce nobody will escape it.
Luffy: N-No way...
Ace: Are you out of your mind?!
Bluejam: I guess this is a little too much to handle, even for troublemakers like you? But, now you know the plan. I can't afford to let you go, anymore. But there is one thing I'd like to know before the fire starts. You two... have a large stash of treasure hidden away somewhere, don't you?
Sabo's father: You stay in here! You've caused me a lot of unnecessary trouble! You truly are a worthless son! Adopting another child was the right thing to do after all.
Sabo: Please open the door, Father!  I have to go! There are people I have to save!  Father! Father, please open the door! I...
Hoodlum: Oh, shuddup! H-Hey!  Look at that! There's something going on in the Gray Terminal... Is it on fire?
Pirate: This is the best game ever!
Dogra: B-B-Boss!  Boss, you have to see this!
Dadan: What're you shouting about?
Bandit: Look at the northern sky! Is that coming from the city?! No, it's just before the city, in the Gray Terminal! It's on fire!
Man: What's going on?!  It's like a mountain of flames!
Guard: You're not safe here, you must evacuate Edge Town! All civilians, head for the Town Center! The country's military will fight this fire and rescue anyone that needs help!
Outcast: It's the Great Gate! Now we're safe! W-What are you doing?!
Guard: We are here to protect the citizens only!
Outcast: You can't be serious! That's just too cruel! Let us inside too! Please, save us! Everyone, wake up! Run away, quick! We're completely surrounded by flames! If we stay here then we have no chance! It's hopeless, just leave it! Abandon your house and run! There's no way to reach the coast! The path to the forest is consumed by fire as well! Damn it, where should we go?!  There's no escape!
Bluejam: Burn it all to ashes, men! Once we've finished this job, my lifelong dream will finally come true! True, I don't care what happens to everyone else. But still, this area serves us well as a hideout, Your Majesty.
King: I am aware of that, Bluejam. Once you've completed this job, there will be no need for you to hide any longer. I will use my authority to make you all into nobles.
Bluejam: Are you serious?! The King will give all of us titles and turn us into blessed nobles.  We will live in High Town! This place is falling apart.  We can't risk staying here any longer. We'll escape through the Great Gate.  The soldiers are waiting for us.
Pirate: Captain, what about those kids we left back at the base?
Bluejam: Forget 'em.  If only they'd told me where they hid the loot, I'd have made them my underlings. Fools like them won't survive long regardless.
Pirate: But the gate is shut, Captain! Don't panic.  I'm sure it's just to prevent anyone else from escaping. They'll let us in once they know it's me.  That was the deal. Bluejam here.  Open the gate! Hey!  Can't you hear me?! Does this mean... Captain... Could it be... Hey, you bastards!  What's the meaning of this?! Open the gate, soldiers! I was promised that we alone would get refuge! This wasn't the deal, you bastards! What happened to the promise you made, King?! That once we'd finished this job, you'd let us become nobles... So you tricked us, King?! Shit!
Man: Did you hear?  Apparently this fire was started by... a pirate from the Gray Terminal, Bluejam. I thought so.  I can't think of anyone else who'd do this. He did this so that the inspectors from the World Government would stay away!
Luffy: It's hot!  Too hot!
Ace: Alright! Dammit!  We got ourselves into an awful mess!
Luffy: There's no way out!  I don't wanna die!
Ace: If you don't stop whining, I'll leave you behind!
Luffy: It's not hot... Ouch, it's hot!
Ace: It's like an ocean of fire outside!
Luffy: It hurts to breathe... I mean, it doesn't hurt! The air is too hot! Uh, it's not hot!
Ace: We'll get out of this, somehow! I'm here with you!
Sabo's father: Call the police!  Sabo ran away again...
Sabo's mother: Hello?  Hello?!
Guard: What are you doing?!  Hurry and take shelter!
Sabo: Open the gate!
Guard: What are you saying?! Why, you... Take him away!
Sabo: Ace!  Luffy!  Run!
Guard: Get away!  Don't touch that!
Sabo: No way! Ace!  Luffy! Just take shelter like everyone else! Don't cause us any more trouble! Ace... Luffy...
Dragon: What happened to you, young boy?
Sabo: Mister... This fire was caused... by the royal family and the nobles! I'm telling the truth! Something in this town smells worse than the Gray Terminal! It's the disgusting stench of rotten people! I'll never be free if I stay here! I'm ashamed that I was born a noble!
Dragon: So at last, you've driven a child to say this... Goa Kingdom?! I understand.  I, too, was born in this country. However, I still do not have the power to change it.
Sabo: Mister... You're actually listening to what I have to say?
Dragon: Indeed, and I shall never forget it.
Ace: Run, Luffy!
Pirate: T-This is... How can this be?! Captain, it's hopeless! We can't put out this fire!  The ship is done for! We can't escape to sea any longer!
Bluejam: Damned King!  Is this how you're repaying us?! I'll remember this, you monster!
King: Good lord... How irritating for the southern sky to be bright at night.
Servant: Please forgive us, Your Majesty. We'll close the curtains immediately.
Horrible person (child): Say, Father?  Why aren't the people in the Gray Terminal human? Why must they be burned?
Horrible person (parent): This is what they call, "paying for one's mistakes." Just think about it.  This is all their fault for not being born as nobles.
Horrible person (child): As nobles? It's true!  They should have just been born as nobles! How stupid they are!
Horrible person (parent): Now, stop worrying about things like that.  You still have studies tomorrow, right? Go to bed.
Horrible person (child): Alright!
Horrible person (parent): Good night.
Outcast: This way's no good either... What little safe ground we have left keeps crumbling! Are we going to die here?
Luffy: I wonder if the others managed to escape?
Ace: This is no time to worry about other people! Damn it!  I can't even tell where we are!
Bluejam: Who said you could run away, you little troublemakers?!
Luffy: Bluejam!
Ace: Why are you still here when you're the one who caused this fire?! I thought you'd escaped long ago!
Bluejam: Shut your trap, you damn brat! It's hopeless for us. You see... we're in an unexpected pinch at the moment. Humans are strange creatures, don't you think? When we're pushed to the very brink of despair, we laugh.
Luffy: These guys are acting strange...
Ace: Luffy!  Let's go!
Bluejam: Don't let them get away! We did this job together.  We're partners, right? Let's die together.
Ace: Who'd want to die with you?! Anyway, I'm not dying here!
Bluejam: You're no fun... Oh, right.  You still haven't told us where you hid your loot, right? We'll take care of it before it's consumed by the flames.  So tell me where it is!
Ace: Your lives are in danger, and you're worried about loot?!
Bluejam: So why wouldn't you tell me, right?
Ace: He's snapped completely...
Bluejam: If you don't collect it, it'll all go to waste. Soon, it's gonna be destroyed just like my ship! Wouldn't that be a waste?
Luffy: Don't be ridiculous!  That treasure is...
Ace: Alright!  I'll tell you.
Luffy: Ace!  You and Sabo spent years gathering up that treasure...
Ace: Sabo will understand! Right now, your... Our lives are more important!
Luffy: Ace...
Ace: All the treasure we've gathered in the past six years is inside the trunk of this tree.
Bluejam: I see.
Ace: Don't cry! It'll be alright.  This isn't the end. What are you doing?!  I told you where it was, didn't I?!
Bluejam: Indeed, this isn't the end. There's still the chance that you lied to me. You're coming with me.
Ace: You can't be serious!  While we waste time doing that, we'll lose any chance of getting out of here! You just go on your own!
Bluejam: Don't make me any angrier than I already am! Even if I had to depend on the loot from some kids... I swear I'll live through this, return to power, and get my revenge on those nobles! I'm sure that brother of yours is no different from the rest of them! They think of themselves as privileged people! They can't see other humans as anything but trash!
Ace: Sabo doesn't think like that!
Bluejam: He's just like them, you dumbass! He only hung around with you two because he wanted to feel superior!
Luffy: You're wrong!
Bluejam: Why would someone with parents as rich as his face any hardship? You were just used for the amusement of some noble kid! Really, he was looking down on you, laughing to himself and holding his nose!
Ace: Don't say another bad word about Sabo!
Luffy: Yeah!  Sabo only wants to be free!
Pirate: You damn brat!
Ace: Luffy!
Pirate: I'll kill you!
Ace: Let him go! Keep your hands off Luffy! Luffy!  Are you alright?!
Bluejam: What did you just do?!
Ace: Damn it all...
Bluejam: You disgusting little brat! Are you trying to make a fool out of me, too?!
Ace: Shut up, you piece of trash!
Bluejam: Damn you...
Luffy: Ace! Stop it!
Narrator: Bluejam pursues Ace and Luffy. In the inescapable hellfire, Ace stands alone and challenges Bluejam to a fight. Meanwhile, Sabo is still in High Town, and, at last, he begins to pursue his own dream!
