Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! After losing his brother Ace in the great war against the Navy, Luffy was overwhelmed by unbearable sadness. But now, we go back in time ten years, to East Blue...
Bluejam: What did you just do?!
Luffy: Ace! Stop it! Dadan!
Dadan: Just give it up, you sea monster! Let Ace go!
Luffy: What are you guys doing here?
Magra: We finally found them!
Dogra: Oh!  That's a terrible wound, Luffy!  Are you alright?
Luffy: Dogra...
Dogra: I don't see that Sabo kid...
Luffy: Sabo is safe... He's not here...
Magra: Ace...
Bluejam: You're the leader of the monkeys on Mt. Corvo, right?
Dadan: I'm Dadan the mountain bandit! As fate would have it, I'm  a foster parent for these kids. And no parent, even if they're just a foster parent, could stand by and watch someone try to kill their kids! If you give up now, I'll let you go. And if you don't give up, we'll take you down by force!
Bluejam: I'd like to see you try.
Dadan: Would you now?  Alright, then... Run away!
Bandits: Alright, boss!
Dogra: Hey!  What are you two doing?!
Magra: Ace, c'mon! Ace!
Ace: I... will not run away!
Dogra: Ace, what are you talking about?!  Just leave it already! You know how dangerous Bluejam is! A kid like you can't beat him.  He's on a totally different level!
Luffy: I-I'll fight too...
Bandit: No, Luffy!
Dadan: You guys... Take Luffy and go on ahead.
Bandit: B-Boss...
Dadan: I'll stay with Ace, and make sure he comes back with me!
Bandits: Boss...
Dadan: Go!
Bandits: Y-Yes, Ma'am!
Luffy: Ace!
Bandit: Boss, make sure you come back too!
Bluejam: A woman and a child... Once you start overestimating your strength and skill, you're gonna get hurt. The only survivors on a battlefield are the strong, and the cowardly. The brave all die.  That's a fact.
Dadan: Is that so?
Bluejam: You fool.
Outcast: Damn it all! It's all over!  We're completely surrounded by flames! How did this happen so quickly?! Hot!  It's too hot here! There's no way out! There's no choice but to give up! What just happened? Where did this path come from?! That blast just cleared a path through the flames! I have no idea what just happened, but thank goodness! Hey!  Look over there!  It's a ship! I can see a ship! The path goes all the way down to the coast!  All we have to do is follow it and escape! Run, before the fire traps us again!
Ivankov: To burn an entire village, and the people living in it... How despicable! Still, Vi'm impressed that vyou heard about this happening in an outlying kingdom of East Blue... Do vyou have some connection to this place?
Dragon: This kingdom is an example of what the world's future might be. No happiness can be found in a country that eliminates people they deem unnecessary. I will change this world someday, I swear it!
Sabo: I'll never be free if I stay here!
Dragon: Children are born innocent, even in a country like this. Those who are willing to fight beside me in a battle for freedom... Come aboard my ship!
Outcasts: Yeah!
Sabo's mother: Have they found Sabo?
Sabo's father: I just contacted the military. They should find him before long.
Sabo's mother: I see... That Sabo is quite a troublemaker.
Sabo's father: Yes, he is...
Man: Is Edge Town really safe?  The flames look like they could consume us at any second! It's impossible... Apart from the nobles, they don't let a single insect inside
Bandits: Boss!
Luffy: Ace!
Magra: Boss!
Bandits: Ace!
Dogra: Boss!
Narrator: Ace and Dadan... left in the flames of the Gray Terminal, did not return.
Magra: Now, now... Wait, Luffy. You shouldn't try to move in your condition.
Luffy: I'm gonna go look for Ace and Dadan!
Magra: Don't be a fool!
Luffy: That hurt...
Magra: See?  Didn't I tell you? Your wounds are really deep.  Now, now, just relax.
Dogra: Right now, the Gray Terminal is crawling with soldiers cleaning up after the fire. And they're not just burying the burned trash, but any survivors they find as well. If you go there now, you'll get killed.
Luffy: But... I want to see Ace!  I'm sure Sabo is worried about him, too!
Soldier: This looks great! What're you so happy about? It's going to be a lot of work to clean up this mess! Our orders are clear, shoot all survivors on sight... As if anyone could survive this! But there aren't as many corpses as I expected... Well, you saw how fierce the fire was.  It must have burned everything, even their bones.
Man: I was really worried that the fire would jump the wall and reach the city yesterday... I heard that Bluejam's ship burned down. It's a good thing those thugs were burned to death, at least.
Sabo: It's morning!
Nobleman: Good morning.  Lovely weather we're having, is it not?
Noblewoman: Yes... it's such a pleasant morning.
Sabo: There're still so many of them...
Soldier: This game of tag ends here... Little boy.
Sabo's father: It doesn't matter how many times you try to run, Sabo! I've sent your photo to every police officer and soldier! You will never be able to leave High Town. In fact, you won't even get out of this house! You two, change your clothes.  You are now my personal guards.
Soldier: But we have our professional duties.
Sabo's father: Nothing is impossible for a noble... I shall explain the situation to your superiors. Sabo.  You will stay in your room and devote yourself completely to your studies as a noble.
Sabo: No way...
Sabo's father: Didn't I tell you?  I just have to give an order, and I can make anything happen... to you, or those other two boys. You understand, don't you?
Sabo: Father... Ace... Luffy...
Sabo's father: If you understand, then change your ways.  Start studying the way Stelly does. And then, study many different things, and make the father and mother who gave you life happy. That is your happiness. Do you not agree?
Stelly: Father! It's alright!  You have me!
Sabo's father: You are so reliable, Stelly! Alright!  I'll buy you a marvelous new outfit! The ceremony is in two days, after all. We will be able to see one of the great Celestial Dragons!
Sabo: I'm... powerless.
Teacher: Alright, that concludes today's lesson. Make sure you have your homework finished by tomorrow. Well then, have a good day.
Sabo: Ace... Luffy... There's no way you'd die in a fire like that, right? You're safe, right? I really want to see you... But if I do, I'd only put you in danger again... This place is like a bird cage... I'm not sure if I can bear living in this kingdom, breathing this stale air. Just what... is freedom? Where can I find it?
Guard: Your shift is over. Oh, is it time already? Don't sleep on the job! Sorry... Anyway, how are things downtown? The ceremony is tomorrow, right? It's crazy down there.  Everyone is getting ready. Just my luck... This is a once-in-a-lifetime experience, and I'm on shift tomorrow when it happens... The kid and I will be the only ones left in this mansion. I really wanted to see that Celestial Dragon. You just need to look at it the right way. After all, every single citizen in the kingdom will gather down at that port. The guards there have a tremendous responsibility.  Compared to that, this is just babysitting. Then take my shift! Don't be ridiculous.
Sabo's father: Alright, we're off then. Take good care of Sabo for us.
Guard: Very well, Master.
Narrator: On this day, one of the World Nobles comes to Goa Kingdom from the Grand Line. A grand ceremony has been prepared to welcome the ship.
Guard: Yes, this is Team A on the coast.
Voice: We have been informed that the Celestial Dragon's ship will arrive in a few minutes.
Guard: Understood. Nothing unusual here.  We'll continue to stand guard.
Man: Hey, hey!  Someone's sailing out there!
Guard: What?!
Man: Is that a fishing boat?!
Guard: Hey you!  Get back here! You're interfering with the ceremony! It's a child... There's a child sailing that thing! A child? Whose kid is it?
Sabo's father: A child...
Sabo's mother: Darling, what if it's...
Sabo's father: No, that's not possible!  We've got him under guard back home!
Sabo: The weather's great! This is a perfect day for a voyage!
Fisherman: Hey, hey!  That's my ship! He stole my fishing boat!
Man: Look!  He's flying a black flag! Is he trying to be a pirate or something? Impossible!  How could one kid become a pirate on his own? Where is he trying to go? In any case, he's interfering with the ceremony!
Voice: The World Government's ship will dock soon!  Do something, fast!
Guard: R-Right away! Hey! You there!  Turn back, now!
Sabo: The thing I'm most afraid of... is being consumed by this country, and becoming a completely different person! I'm never turning back!
Dogra: That's not Sabo, is it?!
Man: The Government Ship is here!
Sabo: What a huge ship! It'd be really bad if I crashed into it.  I'll just move aside.
Guard: That's good... He's changing course.
Scum of the Earth also known as a Celestial Dragon: It appears that the inferior citizens are welcoming us.
Bodyguard: Yes.
Man: I can hardly believe that a World Noble is actually onboard that ship!
Scum of the Earth also known as a Celestial Dragon: By the way, what is that?
Bodyguard: It's just a fishing boat, as far as I can tell.
Sabo: It'll be great if I became the captain of a ship like that someday!
Scum of the Earth also known as a Celestial Dragon: You inferior citizen... Such insolence!
Man: They fired on the fishing boat!
Narrator: Ace and Dadan return to their hideout. Everyone is happy for their safe return, but then they hear about the tragedy that befell Sabo in the port. Luffy and Ace reflect over Sabo's intentions, and are overwhelmed by regret and sadness.
