Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! After losing his brother Ace in the great war against the Navy, Luffy was overwhelmed by unbearable sadness. But now, we go back in time ten years, to East Blue... This is the story of the brothers Luffy and Ace, when they were children.
Luffy: Ace isn't dead!
Magra: Now, now, I understand. I understand how you feel. But the military is at the Gray Terminal, going there in your condition is far too dangerous!
Luffy: But...
Magra: You saw how big that fire was! The chances they survived... Even if the chance is slim, we want to believe that the Boss and Ace survived... Dogra is looking for them right now. Let's just leave it to him. This is difficult for us all, Luffy.
Man: They shot the fishing boat! Is the child alright?! He must have angered the Celestial Dragon!
Dogra: Sabo!
Sabo: Damn it!  The ship's on fire! Why'd they suddenly fire at me?
Bodyguard: Saint Jalmac!  There's a child on that ship!
Saint Jalmac: He's flying a pirate flag so he's a pirate.  It doesn't matter who he is. Furthermore...
Sabo: Damn it!
Saint Jalmac: A mere commoner... had the nerve to sail beside my ship!
Man: Hey!  What was with that ship? How could he anger the Celestial Dragon on the day of this important ceremony?! Move the wreckage out of their way, quickly!
Bandit: Hey! Hey, guys!  They've...
Magra: What is it?
Bandit: They've returned!
Bandits: Hooray!
Magra: Ace... Boss...
Bandit: Those injuries looks horrible... Hurry!  Tend to the Boss's wounds!
Magra: Are you alright?
Luffy: Ace!
Ace: Luffy... Did you think I was dead?
Luffy: But...
Ace: What're you crying for?! Don't act like I'm dead when I'm not, you idiot!
Magra: Now, now, let him be... Luffy is just happy.
Bandit: Ace, about the night of the fire... After we took Luffy and left, what happened to you and the Boss when you stayed behind?
Ace: After you left, we fought Bluejam... We managed to defeat him somehow... And then we tried to catch up with you guys as fast as we could... But by that time, the path had already been blocked.
Dadan: Damn it!  There's no way out!
Ace: Doesn't matter, we have to get out of here!
Dadan: Wait up!
Ace: What are you doing?!
Dadan: I told everyone that I was taking full responsibility for bringing you back! Stay behind me. Don't get separated from me, no matter what!
Ace: Dadan! Hey, Dadan!  Are you alright?!  Dadan! We finally made it out of the fire, but Dadan suffered horrible burns. We found a hiding spot where the fire wouldn't reach us, by the river in the Middle Forest. Hang in there!  Don't die!
Police: Thief! Wait!  Stop right there! I went into the city in order to steal medicine, and get some food. Then I tried desperately to keep Dadan alive.
Dadan: Don't worry about me... Just go, Ace.
Ace: Don't be a fool!  You took full responsibility for bringing me back, right?! If you die, I'll never forgive you!
Guard: Hey!  If anyone survived, they could be hiding around here! Start looking!  Don't miss anyone! Yes, Sir!
Magra: Now, now, so that's what happened? Well, I'm glad you both made it out alive.
Dadan: I'm sorry I made you worry.
Ace: I never thought something like this could happen to the Gray Terminal... I'm sure Sabo is worried.
Saint Jalmac: More insolent commoners might show up. Be sure to be on the lookout.
Bodyguards: Yes, Sir!
Luffy: I wonder what Sabo's up to... Still, I'm glad Ace came back, and Dadan is getting better.
Dadan: Ace, back then...
Ace: I... will not run away!
Dadan: Why didn't you run?
Ace: Sometimes, my blood just starts rushing to my head... I feel like, if I run, I'll lose something important. Back then... Luffy was right behind me. I don't know for sure, but I think that's why.
Garp: Even when he was up against a huge army and had no chance of winning... Roger stood his ground, he never ran away.
Dadan: Did he want to die or something? Fleeing is a way to fight as well.
Garp: True, but he never ran. Because the people he held dear were behind him. If they ran away together, his crewmates' lives would be in danger too. To be precise, it's not that he never ran away... but rather, he didn't want the enemy to go after his crew.  So he never let the enemy get away. When he was like that, Roger truly was a demon. There were times when he annihilated entire armies, just because they spoke badly of his crew. True, if you made him mad, he was brutal, short-tempered and selfish... However, those actions were always as simple and honest as those of a child. I'm sure he grew up similar to how Ace is now. He truly hated the thought of losing his loved ones. It was his reckless lifestyle, and the luck that kept him alive, that made him the Pirate King. He had an awful reputation around the world, but the trust he earned from his crew was immeasurable. Even though I'm a marine, I could never bring myself to hate him. That is why I decided to take care of Ace.
Dadan: We're the ones taking care of him!
Garp: Huh?!  It sounds like you've got a problem with that.
Dadan: Uh, no, none at all. Roger is still despised by society to this day... I guess that even if Ace despises his father, he still carries his blood.
Luffy: Alright... Who's gonna win? Dogra! You went looking for Ace and Dadan, right? They've both come home!
Dogra: Really, they have?  That's great...
Ace: W-What?! Sabo is... You liar! Don't even joke about that!
Magra: Don't do it, Ace!
Dogra: It's not a lie, nor a joke! It was so sudden, I barely realized what had happened.  I doubted my own eyes! I wondered if it was just a dream or an illusion!
Ace: Shut up!  Sabo went back to his noble born parents! There's no way he'd sail out to sea!
Luffy: That's right!  Sabo went home...
Dogra: Outlaws like us understand how he must have felt... We all have places we really don't want to go back to! Do you really think he'd go to sea... if he was actually happy? Do you really think he'd fly a pirate flag and set out on his own?!
Luffy: Sabo... He really wasn't happy!
Sabo: Even with parents, I'm still alone!
Ace: Why... Why didn't we try to break him out of there?! Where is the person who killed Sabo?!  I'm gonna murder him!
Dogra: T-The Celestial Dragon?!  There's no way you can do th-
Ace: I'm gonna avenge his death!
Bandit: Wait, Ace!
Dadan: Drop it, you damn brat!
Ace: Get off me... Don't get in my way!
Dadan: You keep acting tough, even though you don't have any real strength! What the hell do you think you can do now?!  You'll just end up dead! You'll die, and everyone will forget you by tomorrow!  That's all you amount to right now! It was this kingdom that killed Sabo! It was the world itself! What can you do?! Your father's death brought about a new era! Once you become a man of his caliber, then you're free to live or die as you want! Go tie up this moron!
Bandit: Uh, right...
Luffy: Sabo!
Ace: Damn it! Shut up!  Men aren't supposed to be sobbing like that, Luffy!
Dadan: Have you calmed down a little, Ace? Untie him.
Bandits: Right.
Bandit: I'll loosen these right away.
Dadan: Where's Luffy?
Bandit: He cried all night.  He's asleep now.
Dogra: Boss!  You have to see this! I-It's a letter!  From Sabo!
Letter: To my brothers at Mt. Corvo - Sabo
Dogra: He sent a letter before setting out to sea!
Ace: Give me that. I swear I won't go into the city. That letter is addressed to us, right?
Sabo: Ace, Luffy.  I hope you weren't hurt in the fire. I'm worried, but I believe that you're safe. I'm sorry about this, but by the time you read this letter, I'll be... out at sea. A lot has happened, and I've decided to set sail ahead of you guys. My destination won't be in this country, but elsewhere. There, I will become stronger... I'll become a pirate! Let's become pirates with more freedom than anyone else, and meet up again someday.  The three of us. Somewhere out on the wide, free ocean... I'm sure that someday, we'll meet! Oh, and Ace... I wonder who's the older brother between the two of us? Two eldest sons, and one younger brother... It might be strange, but this bond between us is my treasure. Luffy might still be a weakling and a crybaby... but he's our brother!  Take care of him for me!
Dadan: What do they mean, "Inspections"?!  They've just been holding one big welcome party all week!
Dogra: They haven't written anything regarding the Sabo-incident...
Bandit: And it doesn't seem like his parents have pressed charges either. Well, they might be nobles, but they're up against the World Government and the Celestial Dragons. Suing them wouldn't accomplish anything.
Dadan: Is Luffy still acting the same way?
Bandit: Yeah... He barely even eats. Well, at least that leaves more food for us.
Dogra: The Sabo incident must have really hit him hard...
Sabo: Ace!  Luffy! The three of us have to set out to sea someday! We'll get out of this country and be free!
Ace: With this, starting today, we're... brothers!
Trio: Yeah!
Ace: How long are you gonna keep moping? All the treasure we hid in the Middle Forest is gone. Maybe it was stolen by survivors from Bluejam's crew, or maybe the military found it... I don't know where it is now. But that pile of loot doesn't matter anymore. Sabo and I were gonna use it.  It was our Pirate Fund. But, in the end, Sabo didn't use it. And so, I'm not gonna bother with it either. There's no point in gathering treasure if we can't even look after it.
Luffy: A-Ace... I... I want to become stronger! Stronger and stronger! Stronger and stronger! Stronger and stronger! Stronger and stronger! Stronger and stronger! Stronger and stronger! Stronger! Stronger and stronger! Stronger and stronger! Stronger and stronger! Stronger and stronger! Stronger and stronger! Stronger and stronger! Stronger and stronger! Stronger and stronger! And even stronger than that! And then, I'll be able to protect anything... I won't have to lose anyone ever again! Please... Ace... don't die!
Ace: Don't be ridiculous! You should be more worried about yourself than me! You're way weaker than I am! Listen up, and remember this, Luffy! I will not die! Sabo made that request too. I promise.  I will not die! There's no way I'd die and leave behind a weakling of a brother like you! I'm not all that smart, so I don't know what killed Sabo... But whatever it was, it was something opposed to freedom! Sabo died without ever gaining his freedom... But the two of us, who shared a toast with Sabo, are still alive! So, listen up, Luffy! We will definitely live life without regrets!
Sabo: Noblemen only become true nobles once they turn eighteen. That's why I will leave this kingdom when I turn seventeen!
Ace: Someday, we will set out to sea, and live life the way we want to! With more freedom than anyone else! I'm sure that will make lots of people into our enemies... Gramps will become our enemy, too. We'll be risking our lives. We'll cast off when we turn seventeen! We will become pirates!
Narrator: Luffy and Ace have been struck by sadness. But, inside their hearts, they both keep their determination to become pirates, and start looking towards the future once more. Eventually, the time comes for their departure... They set off, to live the dream Sabo could not fulfill!
