Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! After the great war against the Navy was over, Luffy was taken to the island of women, where he was overwhelmed by his own weakness.
Jinbe: Ask yourself this, what remains?!
Pirate: I don't hear him shouting anymore. Hmm?  Yeah, now that you mention it... Where did Straw Hat go? He'd die if his wounds reopened, right? I caught one! What is it? I just saw the shadow of a fish... I-It's huge! Look!  It's a giant Sea King! What is it doing?  Fighting?! It's dead!  Something managed to kill it! A thing that huge?! I couldn't see its opponent! This is such a terrifying sea! A human?! Hey, who are you?!
Rayleigh: Phew, I'm beat...
Pirates: H-Hey!
Bepo: The D-
Rayleigh: There we go...
Bepo: The D- The Dark King, Rayleigh?!
Pirates: What?!
Rayleigh: Oh, it's you?  We met back on the Sabaody Archipelago, didn't we?
Bepo: T-The first mate of the Pirate King, Roger!
Rayleigh: You see, my ship sank in a storm.  I had no choice but to swim here.
Pirate: A storm?!  The Calm Belt never even has a light breeze! There are no storms! That means, you must have been shipwrecked on a distant sea, and swam all the way from there?!
Rayleigh: I'm good at the breaststroke, after all.
Pirate: That's not the issue here! Does that mean the thing fighting the Sea King... was you?!
Bepo: That's a legendary pirate for you! I'm sorry...
Pirates: Why did you apologize?!
Rayleigh: Alright then, I assume that Luffy-kun is on this island...
Margaret: Hey, did you hear? The Snake Princess and the others... have gone to deliver food to Luffy.
Nerine: I want to stretch Luffy again!
Margaret: Apparently, they're gonna let him into the country when his injuries heal!
Sweetpea: The saga of "I'm excited!"
Aphelandra: I didn't think we would see him again so soon!
Nerine: Men sure are fascinating creatures! I wonder if I'd be able to stretch like that if I were a man!
Sweetpea: The saga of "I'm excited!"
Margaret: Yeah... Maybe I should make some more clothes for him... but without frills.
Hancock: I cannot believe that we must live apart even though we are newlyweds. I feel like a tragic heroine! "But Hancock... No, my beloved wife!" "Y-Yes?" "It doesn't matter how far apart we are, our love is eternal!" "Luffy!" "Ah, my beloved husband! My heart is burning, it burns fiercely for you!"
Nyon: Listen up, Snyake Princess! Jyust because he hugged you and called you by your fyirst name, that does nyot mean that you're married!
Hancock: Then what must I do to marry him?
Nyon: Well, that's hard to say...
Jinbe: It's too reckless to go to Sabaody in your condition!
Luffy: But I want to see my crew as soon as possible. I can't break my promise to them.
Jinbe: Still... Hmm?  Those guys from the submarine... they aren't here.
Rayleigh: Oh, Luffy-kun!
Luffy: Old Man Rayleigh!
Rayleigh: I'm glad I was able to find you so easily.
Luffy: What are you doing here? I was just about to follow your Vivre Card back to the Sabaody Archipelago. How are the others?
Rayleigh: They aren't back yet. I left my Vivre Card with Shakki. If I hadn't done that, I wouldn't be able to move around freely.
Jinbe: Are you really the Dark King, Rayleigh? What a surprise!
Rayleigh: Aren't you that former Warlord...
Luffy: He's Jinbe.  I'm indebted to him. What is it?
Jinbe: Well, I never thought I'd meet a living legend in this place...
Rayleigh: Here... isn't this your treasured hat?
Luffy: Right, thanks. I just don't feel right unless I'm wearing this.
Jinbe: Wasn't there a pirate crew here earlier?
Rayleigh: If you mean Trafalgar Law, he just left. He said you should take it easy for another two weeks. Looks like he saved you.
Pirate: What a waste... We went all the way there... I really wanted to enter the Land of Women...
Bepo: I wish there were some female bears there.
Pirates: Oh, shut up!
Bepo: I'm so sorry...
Pirates: You're so weak-minded!
Law: I wonder what the Dark King has planned... "D" is sure to cause another storm. I look forward to seeing that kid again.
Nyon: Oh, Rayleigh?!  You are Rayleigh, are you nyot?!
Rayleigh: Oh, if it isn't Gloriosa!  This sure takes me back!
Sandersonia: Rayleigh!
Marigold: Ray-san!
Rayleigh: Oh, it's you two!
Hancock: Luffy!
Sisters: Hey, Big Sister! That is no way to act in front of a man we're indebted to!
Luffy: Do you know Old Man Rayleigh?
Marigold: Yes.
Sandersonia: It's a long story...
Hancock: Luffy, I see you are awake... I haven't been able to sleep from worry... You must be hungry... I have brought you food... So, just dig in...
Nyon: How can you talk of marriage? You cannyot even look him in the eye!
Hancock: Get to work... Get to work preparing Luffy's meal! Jinbe! This food wasn't meant for you! You may have a little of it...
Jinbe: Oh, right... Luffy-kun, let us eat the food they brought us. Luffy-kun, eat!  Eating is living! That's right.  Now you're acting like the Luffy-kun I know.
Hancock: Jinbe!  I only said you could have a little, did I not?!
Nyon: Right.  I've read Shakki's letter. Looks like she's still the sayme as ever.
Rayleigh: Yeah.  She hasn't changed at all since you lived on Sabaody. She's doing fine. You girls have changed so much over the last thirteen years ago... You've grown strong and beautiful.
Sandersonia: Rayleigh.  Shakki.  Elder Nyon. We owe all three of you so much for taking us in after we escaped from the Celestial Dragons.
Nyon: Still, this is quiyte worrisome... Right now, we are concealing Luffy from the Nayvy. Even if you personally know Luffy... the fact that you were ayble to guess Luffy's location so easily troubles me.
Hancock: What?  How nostalgic! By any chance, are you Rayleigh?
Nyon: You noticed that now?! Just how distracted are you?!
Rayleigh: No, the Navy won't figure out that he's here. The very person who sent Luffy-kun flying told me what direction he went.
Kizaru: Kuma?
Kuma: I am an officer in the Revolutionary Army. Because of this, I wish to let this crew escape.
Shakki: So that's what happened... So?  Where is Monkey-chan right now?
Rayleigh: I don't know...
Kuma: Forgive my abruptness earlier. Please, hear me out. The time I have left... is running out. Right now, Straw Hat is...
Rayleigh: When Bartholomew Kuma sent Luffy-kun flying, the island of women was directly in his path. And that's not all. I received some interesting information about the great war. That is, how Luffy-kun and the others escaped from Impel Down. When I tried to figure out how Luffy-kun was able to break into that great prison... it made sense that he may have arrived on a Navy Warship with Hancock. I can't imagine that Hancock, who hates both men and the Government, would take a male companion with her onto a Government ship. I guess this is just baseless speculation after all.
Shakki: How about this? If Hancock has fallen in love with Monkey-chan... wouldn't that explain everything? Monkey-chan is pretty cool, after all. And if I were Hancock, I'd probably betray the military and hide him on the island of women in his time of need.
Rayleigh: That's a very original theory, Shakki. Female intuition is a frightening thing.
Sandersonia: That's Shakki for you.
Nyon: She was perfectly on target, about all of it.
Hancock: Really?  Is it good?  Really?
Rayleigh: The Navy won't act on such an absurd theory. He is safe here. Now, let's get to the point... Luffy-kun. You said that you plan to go back to Sabaody, right?
Luffy: I want to see my crew.
Rayleigh: Are you sure that's what you should do? The Sabaody Archipelago... Do you remember what happened to you on that island?
Luffy: Everyone, only think of how to escape! Right now... We can't... beat these guys! I couldn't even... save a single one of my friends!
Rayleigh: Do you think you can withstand such overwhelming power in your current state?
Luffy: But I...
Rayleigh: Are you going to reassemble, just to repeat the same tragedy? I have a suggestion. Of course, it's your choice whether or not to accept it.
Narrator: These are the Boyn Islands on the Grand Line.
Heracles: Wait'n, Usopp'n!
Usopp: Don't stop me, Heracles'n!
Narrator: Meanwhile, Usopp... despite his immense, bulging body from eating the rich foods of the forest... is running around.
Heracles: You'll fail every single time'n!
Usopp: I wouldn't keep trying if that were true! This time, it will work! There you are! Get outta my way!
Heracles: What did I say'n?!  Usopp'n?! Are you alright'n, Usopp'n?
Usopp: Dammit...
Heracles: Don't be so reckless'n. You can't escape from this island, since strong beasts block your way, and chase you back into the forest'n. Those who have entered the island are not allowed to pass'n! Once you enter, it's the end'n!  Nobody who's set foot on this island has ever left alive'n! And my name is Heracles'n! What?!  Usopp'n?! Where did you go'n?! Oh no'n! A sea beast has landed on the island's shore'n! Usopp'n is in danger'n!
Narrator: Lured by the sweet scent that lingers all around the Boyn Islands, enormous insects and birds gather here. Sometimes even sea beasts and Sea Kings.
Usopp: It's a Sea Hippo! No, this is no time to admire it!
Narrator: Then they follow the scent to the center of the island, where they find the Forest of Temptation, filled with food. The way in is beguiling, the way out is scary.
Usopp: You're in my way! I'm getting off this island! Don't get in my way! I have to get back! To Sabaody!
Heracles: Usopp'n! The island is starting to move again!
Usopp: What?
Heracles: Usopp'n!  Grab on to a tree!
Usopp: Again?!
Heracles: The island is starting its meal!
Narrator: The name of this flower, resembling an island floating in the sea... Men call them the Boyn Islands, but the scientific name is: The carnivore plant, Stomach Baron.
Heracles: Usopp'n! What is wrong with you, Usopp'n?! You've been completely different ever since you saw that newspaper the News Coo brought.
Usopp: I... don't have time to be hanging around here! Luffy lost his big brother in the war. Do you have any idea how much he must be suffering right now?! If I can't even be there for him when he's suffering... then what kind of friend am I?! Luffy!
Narrator: Franky searches for a ship to leave the island and discovers a dangerous switch.  What could it do?!
