Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Having lost his brother Ace in the great war against the Navy, Luffy was struck by despair. Cursing his own weakness, he realizes once again how precious his friends are to him. At that point, the Dark King Rayleigh unexpectedly arrived to see Luffy.
Rayleigh: I have a suggestion.
Jinbe: Luffy-kun...
Hancock: Luffy...
Jinbe: I wonder what he has to say...
Hancock: Rayleigh!  What are you... Luffy?
Rayleigh: I think it's what you... Or rather, what all of you need the most right now.
Jinbe: But what Luffy-kun truly needs now... is to heal his body and soul, don't you think?
Luffy: But what about my crew?
Rayleigh: I'm sure they'll be heading towards Sabaody. News about what you did has spread all over the world. So your crewmates have probably heard it as well.
Luffy: All the more reason why I have to go... I promised them... I have to go... I'm going to Sabaody, too!
Rayleigh: I have a second suggestion to deal with this problem.
Narrator: Meanwhile, in a country that researches weather... The small Sky Island, Weatheria.
Haredas: Is it really true? Did that girl really... try to escape this place?
Scientist: It's true! Where are you going, girl... The girl just up and disappeared from the weather-field, and before we knew it, she was at the balloon terminal!
Nami: Please, get out of my way!
Scientist: She brought a huge bag with her, and all of a sudden she tried to hijack one of the balloons! However...
Nami: What is with this thing?! The steering wheel doesn't work at all! Geez, what is going on with this ship?! Will somebody stop this thing?! Nooo!
Scientist: It's headed straight for us! We have to get out of here, quick!
Nami: Get out of the way!
Scientist: And that's pretty much it.
Haredas: She never seemed like the type of person who would do something like this. I wonder what could have driven the girl to act this way?
Nami: Let me out of here!  I'll return everything I stole! There's somewhere I need to go! Please!  Let me out already! Oh, right!  Haredas-san! Someone call Haredas-san! Please!
Scientist: We won't let you out! There's no telling what you'll do! What should we do to teach her a lesson? Should we punish her by flooding her cage, or striking it with lighting? Damn cat burglar!
Nami: I won't do anything... Anyway, just let me out!
Scientists: No way!
Haredas: Hey, hey! Hey, hey! Hey, hey! Hey, hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Scientist: Oh, Mr. Haredas!
Haredas: Hey, hey, hey, hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey! Hey, hey! Hey, hey! Hey, hey! Hey, hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey! Hey! Hey, hey! Hey, hey! Girl!
Nami: Stop that.
Haredas: I hear you were running wild all over the place... Ta-da! The perfect thing at this time! Now, have a look... at these firmly tied "knots of wind"!
Scientists: Mr. Haredas!
Nami: I'm telling you to help me! I'll punch you again if I have to!  I'm in a hurry!
Scientists: Mr. Haredas!  Please respond, Mr. Haredas!
Haredas: Hey... This is... Haredas here...
Scientist: She attacked him without warning!  What a demon! Doctor!  Someone call a doctor!
Nami: Grrr!
Haredas: What? Not only did she steal Weather Balls from the weather-field, but our research notes as well?
Scientist: It is as you see, Mr. Haredas.
Haredas: Girl.
Nami: I used to be a thief, and now I'm a pirate. What's wrong with me stealing stuff?
Scientists: She's pure evil! How can she even call herself human?! What a villainess we've let into our country!
Nami: Like I said... I'm trying to get out of this country! Just let me out of here already, I'm begging you! I have to hurry! I gave back everything I stole, didn't I? Come on, let me out!
Scientist: Stay back!  She's vile!
Haredas: What's gotten into you all of a sudden? I heard you tried to steal a balloon to go down to the surface... Amateurs can't use those.  You could have died! You were so eager to learn our weather science... What happened?
Nami: Look at the newspaper.
Haredas: The newspaper?
Nami: The Luffy that the newspaper is talking about... He's my captain.
Haredas: What?
Scientist: Oh?  This kid? The one who wreaked havoc on the battlefield during the recent war... The infamous straw-hat rookie...
Haredas: Oh, so this boy was your captain?
Nami: While his crewmates were scattered all around the world... Luffy has been fighting a terrible battle all on his own. He stormed into that great war to save Ace... but he lost Ace right before his eyes... and I had no idea any of this was happening! Luffy will definitely come... to our meeting place. Before his heart shatters completely... I have to find him and help him!
Haredas: Hey, hey, hey!  Girl!
Scientist: Hurry and let her out! We locked up a young girl and made her cry... How could we be so cruel?! Give Mr. Haredas the key! Right, the key!
Haredas: There.  Now come on out. We're so sorry, girl...
Scientist: Where did the girl go? Mr. Haredas is gone too.
Scientists: When'd she get over there?!
Nami: Thanks! So long!
Scientists: Huh?!  What?!
Scientist: She was faking her tears and took Mr. Haredas hostage! She took all the stolen goods too! We mustn't let her get away! Capture her! The weather science of Weatheria must never be revealed to the world! After her!
Nami: Anywhere will do.  Just please, take me down to the ground!
Haredas: That's crazy...
Nami: Yeah, I know it is! Luffy... Are you alright? I'm sorry... You were always helping us... And now, when it's our turn to help you...
Scientists: After her!  Don't let her get away!
Haredas: Oh?  Girl, your fake tears are back...
Nami: Shut it!
Narrator: Meanwhile, in the land where the genius Vegapunk was born... The Future Kingdom of Bulgemore, on a winter island...
Kitton: Gramps!  Gramps!  Gramps! Pervert, pervert, pervert, per... I mean, it's terrible!
Grampa: What is it, Kitton?
Kitton: The old man's personality suddenly changed again! Now he's acting like a demon!
Franky: Where can I find a ship?!
Kitton: See?!  Here he comes!
Grampa: You didn't load something strange into his stomach, did you? Like habanero juice or kimchi soda?
Kitton: I wouldn't do anything like that!
Franky: Hey, geezer!  I've gotta go meet up with my crew as fast as possible! Please... Please give me a ship!
Grampa: A ship? That's an impossible request.
Franky: What?!
Grampa: This island doesn't have any ships on it, you see. Well, except for the liner that delivers supplies once a month, and the warships that drop by irregularly.
Franky: When will that liner ship be here?!
Grampa: Well, it was here just a week ago...
Franky: Dammit... So it won't be back for another three weeks?! This kingdom is covered with thick snow... You'll find that it acts like a natural fortification. In order to enter this kingdom, one needs a specially equipped ice breaker. Well, that's just great! Even if I were to build a new ship, it'd take too much time!
Kitton: O-Old man, please calm down a little.
Franky: Good smell!  Flavor! I don't have time for this! I have to get off this island, no matter what! What am I doing out here, in his time of need?! Dammit!
Kitton: Old man...
Grampa: It looks like you have your reasons for acting like this... But there's nothing we can do about this. Ah, come to think of it... I think there was an ice breaker that Vegapunk developed in his laboratory. But he built it many years ago, so I don't know if it works...
Kitton: Sheesh... That place is dangerous, so don't blame me if something happens.
Franky: So I have to go back there?
Grampa: Back?  Don't tell me you've already been inside the laboratory?!
Franky: Yeah, just a little while back. If the ship needs to be repaired, I'll handle it!  I'm a shipwright!
Gramps: No, no, that's not the problem...
Franky: I'll go have a look.
Gramps: Listen to what I'm saying!
Franky: Cold!
Marine: Intruder alert! Someone has broken into Doctor Vegapunk's lab!
Commander: Don't fire your guns inside the lab! Treat every single object in there like a world treasure! Understood?!
Marine: Understood! Wait!
Franky: Dammit!  The Navy is here too? They must have improved their defenses after my last intrusion! No, I can't! I mustn't shoot in here!
Marine: Don't let him escape!  After him!
Franky: Treasure?  That laboratory?
Grampa: That's right.  Vegapunk is the active leader of all the scientists in the Navy. He is the pride of our country. Rather, his brain can be considered one of mankind's greatest assets. This is a place of memories for Vegapunk, he spent his childhood days here. Take a look at that mountain. It has an odd shape, right?
Franky: Yeah, now that you mention it... What is that thing?
Grampa: It's something he created as a child, thinking about the citizens who must endure this intense cold. He rebuilt the animals of the forest to help work on it, and got this far, but it remains incomplete. It's a ground-heating system, intended to warm the entire island. But he always had the same trouble... He could never fully realize the ideas he had in his head. He lacked the resources and funding to make them a reality. But the sight of him crying when he was unable to help us... was enough to warm our hearts.
Franky: What a super tear-jerking story!
Grampa: You think so? We are still waiting for him to come home. Now that you know, please never go back to that laboratory with its... self-destruct button.
Franky: What?!  Did you just casually mention the most unnecessary button in the entire world?
Kitton: I didn't know there was a button like that... Hey, old man, let's just go back home and we'll drink some warm tea!
Franky: I can't do that! The only place I can find an ice breaker to get off this island... is the laboratory, right? I have my own problems to take care of. I just read the news that my captain has been through hell, you see. See ya! I'm in your debt!
Grampa: Wait!  Whatever you do, never press the self-destruct button!
Franky: Do you really think I'd press it, you moron?! Why'd he even install something like that?!
Marine: Hey!  I think I saw someone! Over here!  Hurry!
Franky: Where is that ice breaker?!
Marine: Wait!
Man: Hey, did you hear? Apparently there's an intruder in the lab! They say that every single blueprint in there is invaluable...
Franky: I managed to lose'em...
Voice: Attention all troops! Remember, if anything in the genius Vegapunk's lab is damaged during this pursuit, it will be considered a criminal offense!
Marines: Yes, Sir!
Franky: This is super impressive. These are just the inventions he thought of as a kid? The blueprints scattered around here are so advanced, they can't be realized for two or three hundred years. Indeed, as an engineer myself, I don't want people to lay one finger on this place. Oh, a pirate mark! Can I ask you just one thing? If, by some freak chance, I were to press that button...
Kitton: Old man?
Franky: Would it be my fault?
Kitton & Gramps: Obviously!
Narrator: The world refers to this incident as the Future Kingdom's great disaster: "The Nightmare of Bulgemore". After hearing the news about the great war, Zoro charges blindly toward the sea. Mihawk watches his efforts with a cool-headed gaze. What will their reunion lead to? Elsewhere, Luffy accepts Rayleigh's great plan!
