Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Having lost his brother Ace in the great war against the Navy, Luffy was struck by despair.
Luffy: Pirate King?  Yeah, right!
Narrator: After Luffy got back on his feet, the Dark King Rayleigh came to see him.
Rayleigh: I have a second suggestion to deal with this problem.
Narrator: Meanwhile, scattered all over the world, the Straw Hats learn what happened to Luffy, and realize the grief he must be feeling. This is Kuraigana Island on the Grand Line, the remnants of the Shikkearu Kingdom. An old castle still stands in this ruined land. A certain man happens to have made this his home for the last few years.
Perona: How could Moria-sama die in the war?!
Mihawk: You are irritating.  If you must cry, go outside.
Perona: What a cold-hearted man! How can you say that to someone in mourning?! Why can't you say something nice to cheer me up, and bring me a warm cup of cocoa? I'm your guest, you know!
Mihawk: An uninvited guest. You just barged in and settled here during my absence. Besides... This article is not entirely credible.
Perona: Huh?  Does that mean that Moria-sama wasn't killed in the war?
Mihawk: I am not certain whether he still lives... but, from what I recall, Moria was still alive when I last saw him on the battlefield.
Perona: If he didn't die in battle, why would they print an article like that?
Mihawk: I don't know.
Perona: W-What are you doing out of bed?! Go back and rest, you half-dead idiot! And you even have your swords... Are you gonna go and act reckless again? You just can't beat those baboons.  You'll die this time.
Zoro: Shut it! It's none of your concern!
Perona: What's with that tone?! Who do you think strained herself carrying you all the way back here?!
Zoro: Hawk-Eye...
Perona: See?  You can't even walk straight!
Mihawk: Why are you being so hasty? Especially with those wounds...
Zoro: Because... you told me about Luffy's situation! I can't just lie still!
Mihawk: He is most likely alive. However, his heart has been dealt a grave injury. Fire-Fist Ace... died right before Straw Hat's eyes.
Zoro: I didn't even know that a huge war was taking place. Are you sure Luffy is alright?! Where is he now?! Tell me everything that happened!
Mihawk: I have told you all that I know.
Zoro: Sorry for taking your time.
Perona: Hey, wait! Even if you're lucky enough to make it to the shore without meeting the baboons... how are you planning to cross the ocean?
Mihawk: If you don't mind using a rowboat... there is one on the west side of this castle.
Zoro: Thank you for taking care of me.
Perona: What the hell?! You idiot!  Like I care what happens to you! I'm never gonna help you again!
Zoro: Even if you lose your brother, or anything else were to happen... Luffy, I know you're a man that will keep your promise. So, I'll definitely be at the meeting place too! So you've come. Well, I guess you aren't willing to just let me go. Was that Gyuuki Yuzume?! Now it's Tatsumaki?! These guys are using my Three-Sword Style techniques! Hey, you guys! Who do you think you are, imitating me then acting all innocent? How long are you gonna keep messing with me?!
Perona: Damn it!  How long is he gonna keep messing with me?! Sheesh, who does he think was looking after him?! That guy should just fall over and die! Then I'd feel a lot better!
Mihawk: If you are worried about Roronoa, you can go check on him.
Perona: You're kidding, right?! Why would I be worried about that jerk?!
Mihawk: Well, I don't think he's the kind of man who'd die easily.
Perona: Now, see here... He was already in a horrible condition back when that Kuma-guy threw him here. So if he goes up against the baboons again, he'll be in great danger... Damn it all!  Sheesh! If he died, the only one left would be... that cold-hearted Hawk-Eye guy who doesn't care about cute things. He'd never bring me bagels or hot cocoa... and I'd be forced to live alone with that guy! I couldn't bear that!
Mihawk: What now?
Zoro: A cut to the back is a swordsman's greatest shame. Magnificent!
Perona: Hey, are you alive? He should have reached the coast by now, but there's no sign of him! Did he get lost again?
Zoro: Do you really think saliva will heal it?! Where did you pick up a folk remedy like that?! Damn these guys... How long are they gonna keep mocking me?! At this rate, I'll never make it to the ocean! Hawk-Eye...
Mihawk: It's been some time since you left the castle. Yet you're still in here, Roronoa? It appears that the rowboat I lent you is now useless.
Zoro: Shut up!  I can still use it like a piece of driftwood, and swim while holding onto it!
Mihawk: It's admirable to worry about your crewmates... but these beasts shouldn't be underestimated. They're called Humandrils. Clever baboons who learn by imitating humans.
Zoro: Humandrils?
Mihawk: It's said that if they live with peaceful humans, they become peaceful themselves. But this land... was ravaged by a brutal war seven years ago. When I made this island my home, the smell of blood and smoke was still in the air. There were so many corpses scattered around, you couldn't even walk. In other words, these guys grew up watching those ferocious humans. They're baboons who learned to use human weapons, and became warriors of the forest. Mankind rules over the animals with weapons and intelligence. However, animals become frighteningly strong if they learn to use weapons. Fitting opponents, perhaps, for an overconfident youth.
Zoro: You talking about me?
Mihawk: Who else is here? It's late.  Come to the castle. The beasts won't approach my castle.
Zoro: You can't give me orders! I'm going out to sea, right now!
Mihawk: Is that so? Have it your way.
Zoro: So what if they're warriors of the forest or whatever... I don't have time to lounge around! I'll beat them down until there's none left!
Perona: Really... Where did he wander off to? I knew it!  He's still there! H-Hey!
Narrator: Grand Line, Namakura Island. Harahetternia.
Man: What could Satan-sama be doing? Is he still working on that ritual to curse the Longhand Tribe? He's being strangely quiet... You have to believe in him, all of you! Satan-sama will definitely bring down a hammer of blood upon the diabolical Longhand Tribe!
Brook: Everyone, thank you for your patience.
Man: The ritual is finally over? I'd expect no less from Satan-sama!
Brook: Look, it is complete. As long as you have this...
Man: What's that?
Brook: ...everything will be alright!
Man: Hmm, and what could this be?
Brook: You see, this is-
Man: Nevermind, I see! Listen up everyone!  Satan-sama created talismans that will kill the Longhand Tribe... A stack of cursed notes! With these talismans, the fierce Longhand Tribe won't even come near us! I'm sure they'll die if they even just look at them!
Brook: Ummm, no, it is-
Man: I see! Just what I'd expect from Satan-sama! So, everyone give us a hand, and spread these talismans around the village!
Brook: No, listen to me... That is not what they are... Uh, hello? Gentlemen?
Man: We've finished hanging them all up! Indeed, you did well! Now we're safe... Thank you so much, Satan-sama.
Brook: Errr...
Man: Elder!  Big trouble! The Longhands are attacking! Just like the saying goes, "Summer insects fly straight into a fire." Today, at last, the Longhand Tribe will be annihilated!
Brook: But, uh... Those were not talismans. It was a musical score which I composed!
Manz: Whaaaat?!
Man: It's hopeless... They'll take what little food we have left... They'll drag people away... they'll do whatever they want... There's nothing we can do.
Brook: That is not true.
Man: Satan-sama?
Brook: Gentlemen, please listen to this tune.
Man: What is with this tune? It feels like power is flowing into my body!
Longhand Man: What is this stuff?  Some sort of incantation? You just can't figure out what those guys with only one joint in their arms are thinking... Huh?  What's with you guys?
Man: Today, at last, we will stop you Longhands from having your way! We've decided to fight! That's right!  We won't let you steal anything else! We'll protect what's important to us, with our own hands! We are no longer afraid of anything!
Brook: That's the spirit!
Longhand Man: These guys aren't acting like they usually do... I don't know what's come over them, but let's get'em!
Man: Charge! Thank you so much, Demon-King Satan-sama! I never would have dreamed that the day would come when we locked up these guys. I don't know why, but once we heard that tune you composed and played for us... Courage and fighting spirit welled up inside us, and we took up arms and fought back for the first time in our lives! Of course, we failed immediately and you had to finish them off... but because of you, all the kidnapped villagers are safe again.
Brook: Don't thank me, I just helped out a little. Neither gods nor devils will help those who lack the will to fight. These are dark times. Even though this really wasn't my business, I wanted to make sure that you would stand against the evil that might befall you.
Man: How merciful! I feel as if we could change now!
Personz: Thank you very much, Satan-sama!
Brook: That should repay my debt, shouldn't it? Now then... There was that unbelievable article... Luffy-san, you are alright, are you not? My heart shares your pain. Though I do not have a heart. Luffy-san, let us sing together! I will go save your heart, right now!
Longhand Man: Damn it, I never thought they'd have the Devil as a bodyguard! If we managed to bring these unusual people with only one joint in their arm back to our homeland... we could have put them on display and made lots of money!
Man: Now, then... If we put these Longhands with two joints in their arm on display, we can make lots of money!
Brook: P-Please wait just a minute. If you do that, you will be no better than them! Gentlemen, please listen to me.
Man: What?!  Let them go?!  If we do that, they'll just...
Brook: It will be alright. For they have made a pact with the devil. Do you understand, gentlemen? If you break your promise to me, and cause trouble in this country again... I will... eat your hearts!
Longhand Man: We are shamefully grateful that you let us go! We'll head right back to our homeland! We'll never come near this country again!
Brook: Do you understand, gentlemen? Destruction and pillaging will only give birth to hatred. If the people in your homeland suffered like these people here... would you not be sad as well? It matters not whether you have one or two joints in your arms. You are all fellow humans. Try to get along.
Longhand Manz: Devil-sama! Heave, ho!
Brook: Whaaaat?!  Why?!  What is this?!
Longhand Manz: And off we go!
Longhand Man: There's no way the Devil actually exists, you dumbass! You're strong, but you're helpless once we tie you up! When we bring back this rare moving skeleton... We'll be trillionaires!
Brook: Wait a second!  I have somewhere I must return to!
Man: Satan-sama! This is awful!  Satan-sama has been kidnapped! Everyone!  Prepare another demonic summoning! That's right!  We can summon demons now! With panties!
Brook: Luffy-san.  In difficult times, let us sing together. I am a musician who exists for such occasions. Please wait for me!  For I promise... I promise I will be there! Luffy-san... Luffy-san! Before that... Help meeeee!
Rayleigh: What will you do, Luffy-kun?
Hancock: R-Rayleigh... What are you suggesting?!
Rayleigh: What, weren't you listening?
Hancock: That is not what I meant! I am asking what your true intentions are! Do you realize how Luffy is feeling right now? Answer wrong and I might not be able to forgive you, regardless of my debt to you!
Jinbe: She's right!  You know what has happened, yet you're still telling him this... You are being reckless!
Rayleigh: As I said, it's just a suggestion. Luffy-kun, you must make the decision yourself.
Luffy: I... never want... my crew to be... in that situation again! If I do what you say, will I be able to protect them?
Rayleigh: I'd say it's worth trying. There are many things you must do, in either case.
Luffy: Alright. I won't hesitate any longer. I'll go, once more... To Marineford!
Narrator: Iva-san returns to the Kamabakka Drag Queendom. Another crisis befalls Sanji, who has returned to being a man!
