Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy lost his brother Ace in the great war against the Navy. Then, the Dark King Rayleigh made a surprise appearance.
Rayleigh: What will you do, Luffy-kun?
Narrator: Meanwhile, the scattered Straw Hat crew... all begin to move, remembering the promise they made to Luffy and to each other.
Luffy: Alright. I won't hesitate any longer. I'll go, once more... To Marineford!
Marine: T-This is warship number 204. We have clearance to enter this port. You're right on time. Alright, state your code number. The code number is 5963. Code number confirmed. Open the Gate of Justice!
Marines: Yes, Sir!
Jinbe: Alright, good work. Luffy-kun, how are your injuries?
Luffy: I'm much better now! All good!
Marine: The former Warlord... Knight of the Sea, Jinbe! The Pirate King's former first mate... The Dark King, Silvers Rayleigh! And then there's Straw Hat Luffy... What are they up to now?!
Narrator: This is the country where man and bird have settled their differences. Torino Kingdom
Tribesman: You go now, Mister Raccoon Dog? We just became friends!
Chopper: Yeah, I read in the newspaper that my friend is in trouble. I need to go back as soon as I can. I met Luffy's brother in Alabasta. How could such a terrible thing happen? I want to meet up with Luffy, and treat his injuries! He'll definitely do something crazy over this.
Tribesman: Mister Raccoon Dog...
Chopper: I'm glad you were able to make peace with the birds.
Tribesman: It's all thanks to Mister Raccoon Dog risking life to persuade birds!
Chopper: Don't thank me. You guys, try to be nice to the humans too! The people here only need some of the plants growing on that tree.
Tribesman: He's right! We not attack egg.  Not do any harm. We not same as people who force you from homeland!
Chopper: Still, the effects of the medicinal plants harvested from this tree work so fast. My wounds are healing already.
Tribesman: Yeah, they the treasured recipes of our ancestors!
Chopper: To be honest, I kind of want to stay on this island and research these herbs. They must contain some components that I don't know about. But there's no time...
Tribesboy: Come other time!
Tribesman: Yeah!  We give you big welcome!
All: Yeah!  Yeah!
Chopper: Really?  You'd do that for me? After I meet up with my friends, I'll definitely tell them about this place! Then I'll come and see you all again!
Tribeswoman: Here.  You'll get hungry on long trip.
Chopper: Thanks.
Tribesman: Come again, Mister Raccoon Dog!
Chopper: It's cotton candy! Alright everyone, try and get along!
All: Bye-bye, Mister Raccoon Dog!
Chopper: Alright, I've got my lunch and my cotton candy. Time to meet up with Luffy and the others! I don't have a pirate ship! Even if I had a ship, I don't have a navigator! Without a navigator I'll never find my way to the Sabaody Archipelago! No, I just need to get on a ship. No, then I'll get lost somewhere! What should I do?
Tribesboy: M-Mister Raccoon Dog...
Chopper: Damn it... and I'm their doctor... Luffy! What? Your dad said he'd give me a ride? Bye-bye! Whoa, we're high!  And moving fast! I'll catch up to everyone else in no time! "This is nothing"? Awesome! It's like a roller coaster! I don't feel so good... I got too excited. Hey, News Coo!  Can I have a newspaper? I'll read the newspaper while I eat my lunch. The news from the war is probably becoming clear by now. No way! What's going on here?! Why is Luffy once again...
Narrator: This is East Blue. The Revolutionary Army has freed Robin from slavery.
Prisoner: We're saved! It's a good thing the Revolutionary Army arrived! Thank goodness!
Soran: Robin!
Robin: Soran!
Soran: Isn't it great?  I wonder if this means we're all free...
Robin: Yes. At least, I don't think we'll be forced to keep building this bridge.
Soran: Hey... will you take this?
Robin: Thank you, Soran.
Soran: Are you going, Robin?
Robin: Yes.
Soran: Robin! Will we meet again?
Revolutionary: Robin-san... Will you be heading toward the Sabaody Archipelago?
Robin: Yes.
Revolutionary: "The Light of the Revolution."
Robin: What?
Revolutionary: That's what we've called you for more than ten years, ever since we started searching for you. You are the sole survivor of Ohara, the country that fought the world. If we ever found you, we would have done anything to protect you from the government. So said our boss.
Robin: Your boss?
Revolutionary: The Supreme Commander of the Revolutionary Army, Dragon.
Robin: Luffy's father... Quite a twist of fate.
Revolutionary: I ask you, one more time. Please accept a meeting with our boss. We will escort you there.
Robin: I can't... there is another place I must be. Besides, I'll be fine without your protection. Because I have my friends.
Revolutionary: You're referring to the Straw Hats, aren't you?
Robin: Yes.
Revolutionary: Well then, let us send you off. This bridge stretches into the distance for days, without an end in sight. We will see you to your destination. The third and fourth prison camps are ready to be freed. Understood. Tell the others to prepare for their release. Yes, Sir.
Robin: May I ask one thing?
Revolutionary: Anything you like.
Robin: Why does the Revolutionary Army think I'm important?
Revolutionary: B-Because... We'll pass many ruins on our way to the end of the bridge. They were left behind as the people of this country moved with the bridge's construction. Incidentally, this is the place where construction began over 300 years ago.
Robin: Why did they start building this bridge?
Revolutionary: By orders of the World Nobles, the Celestial Dragons.
Robin: Celestial Dragons?
Revolutionary: Whatever reason they might have had, it doesn't reduce the number of people who died as slaves here! Have you heard? Straw Hat Luffy, said to be the son of Dragon-san, was in today's newspaper. Yeah.  He disappeared after the war, but all of a sudden this happened. We should show this article to Nico Robin right away. She is probably worried about him. They'll still be out on the bridge. Good work. This is for you, Robin-san.
Robin: Luffy! What a relief, you're safe.
Revolutionary: What is it? Did you find something interesting in there?
Robin: Yes.
Narrator: Now we turn to the island of the Newkama people, Momoiro Island, also known as the Kamabakka Drag Queendom.
Sanji: I told you!  Give me a damn ship! I have a promise to keep! I've wasted too much time with you clowns!
Caroline: How could you say that, Candy-chan? Are you planning to flee this island? I won't allow that!
Sanji: Damn right!  That's exactly what I'm doing! Why would I want to stay on this island?  It doesn't have any women on it.
Okama: Hey, what's a warship doing here? I-It's Iva-sama! Iva-sama is onboard!
Sanji: Huh, who's that? Hey, what are you doing? Is he really that amazing?
Caroline: She's the Queen of the Kamabakka Drag Queendom, Emporio Ivankov-sama!
Sanji: What?!  That name... The Okama Queen from the newspaper? Just when I needed a ship, too. Since he was with Luffy, he should know what's going on.
Ivankov: Long time no see.
Sanji: It can't be... My type! No, wait a minute. The fact that he's in this country means he's an okama. That was a close one.
Ivankov: Who might vyou be?
Sanji: I am... Busty chest. Tight hips. No, I won't be fooled.
Ivankov: Do vyou have some business with vme, Candy-boy?
Sanji: Yeah, there's a mountain of things I want to ask you! First, what type of man do you... Oh wait, Luffy first.
Ivankov: Luffy? Do vyou mean Straw-Hat-boy?
Sanji: Bingo! It sounds like you really were with him at Navy Headquarters. I'm so jealous of that guy! Not.  It must've been a rough time. Can you tell me everything that happened? My lady...
Ivankov: So, who are vyou?
Sanji: The hell?!  This is the real you?! Quit screwing with me!
Ivankov: So, what do vyou know about Straw-Hat-boy?
Sanji: I'm part of his crew!
Ivankov: Vyou're crewmates?! This is Straw-Hat-boy's wanted poster, isn't it?
Sanji: That's the one.
Ivankov: This is the Pirate Hunter, Zoro.
Sanji: How should I know?!
Ivankov: This is the Cat Burglar, Nami. This is the King of the Snipers, Sogeking.
Sanji: Yeah.
Ivankov: This is... vyou?
Sanji: NO!
Ivankov: Take a look here! Now tell me which one is vyou! Vyou say vyou're part of Straw-Hat-boy's crew, but where's the proof?!
Sanji: But I'm telling you, I'm part of his crew! Tell me what Luffy is doing right now, you 'Kama King! The newspaper said you were working with Luffy!
Ivankov: Well then, is this vyou?
Sanji: No it's not! That's not me... but, it is. The name... is mine.
Ivankov: What is this?  An inner conflict?
Sanji: Alright... it's me! That disfigured wanted poster is definitely me! So please...
Ivankov: No.  Looks nothing like vyou.
Sanji: Then don't make me say it! You made me puke blood, idiot!
Ivankov: Vi can't do it. As long as there is even a 0.1% chance that vyou are an agent from the Government or Navy, Vi will not give vyou a single scrap of information on Straw-Hat-boy!
Sanji: I get that. Lend me a ship, then. I'll go to the meeting place, Luffy will definitely be there.
Ivankov: Vi won't give vyou a ship either.
Sanji: Fine, then I'll just swim there!
Ivankov: W-What?! Such stubbornness is truly the mark of one of Straw-Hat-boy's friends! Vi have no choice. Vyou have struck my heart. Because of your stubbornness, regarding Straw-Hat-boy, I can tell you... Nothing!
Okama: You're not telling?!  You really fooled us there!
Sanji: Shut it, you lot! Damn it...
Okama: He seems rather defeated, doesn't he? Now's our chance!  Put it on, put it on... the Sweets Dress!
Sanji: I'm not wearing that again! Back off! I'm a man among men, who likes real ladies! Stay away from me! Hey, your name is Iva, right? I've decided to act like a pirate and steal one of your ships. Duel me!
Ivankov: Alright then.
Caroline: Iva-sama, the Grandmaster of Newkama Kenpo from the Kamabakka High Temple, will fight Black Leg Sanji in a three-minute, single-round match.
Sanji: Even the Grandmaster's substitute was really strong... This guy will be tough to reckon with. I'm going all out from the start!
Caroline: Begin!
Ivankov: What a strong kick! As I'd expected... I'm fall... I'm fall... I'm fall... I'm not falling!
All: You're not falling?!  You really fooled us there!
Ivankov: By the looks of it, vyou're a fairly tough boy... but vyou lack training.
Sanji: What?!
Ivankov: Aesthetic Art 44, Hidden Technique Dream Smashing Reverse Fist Vi'll tell vyou what Straw-Hat-boy is doing, Twirly-boy.
Sanji: Why the change of heart?
Ivankov: Because the whole world already knows. I wonder what he's planning.
Sanji: Is this today's paper? Huh, Luffy?!
Inazuma: Iva-san, we have a call from Baltigo.
Ivankov: Really?
Inazume: Please make your way to the communications room.
Ivankov: Thanks to what happened during the war, the whole world learned who vyour son is, Dragon. Is this causing problems amongst the men of the Revolutionary Army?
Dragon: If anything, everyone seems relieved to find out their enigmatic boss is a flesh-and-blood human being. Not that it matters. Luffy is no longer a child. Still, I never would have imagined that you two would team up.
Ivankov: It was an interesting twist of fate indeed. At any rate, Inazuma and Vi have a mountain of things to ask vyou.  And to tell vyou about our jailbreak.
Dragon: I bet you do.  Before long, the scattered leaders of the world will need to reassemble. Whitebeard's death will change the structure of the government and the direction of the entire world. Also, I need to tell you about what happened to Kuma.
Ivankov: Yeah, tell vme all about it. Why has he become the Government's servant? The Kuma Vi knew is gone. He attempted to kill vme. By the way, Dragon, have vyou seen today's newspaper? Straw-Hat-boy has surprised vus yet again! He is as unpredictable as his father. Who'd have thought he'd do something like that at Marineford?
Narrator: At Navy Headquarters, ravaged by the great war, Luffy shows himself yet again.
