Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! After losing his brother Ace in the great war against the Navy, Luffy fell into despair. Jinbe helped Luffy get back on his feet, then the Dark King Rayleigh made a surprise appearance.
Rayleigh: What will you do, Luffy-kun?
Luffy: I'll go, once more... To Marineford!
Narrator: News of this incident reached his crewmates.
Chopper: What's going on here?! Why is Luffy...
Robin: Luffy! What a relief, you're safe.
Sanji: Is this today's paper? Huh, Luffy?!
Narrator: This is Navy HQ, the island of Marineford on the Grand Line.
Marine: This is inconceivable! In the great war that just ended, we found out he was step-brother to the deceased Portgas D. Ace, the son of Dragon the Revolutionary, and last, but not least, the grandchild of our own Vice-Admiral Garp! The pirate, Monkey D. Luffy! His whereabouts were unknown in the days after the war... but sure enough, he was alive! He appeared here again, at Navy HQ!
Narrator: A few days earlier...
Reporter: This is awful! The Navy's elite troops and the greatest pirates in the world fought at full strength. I'm just glad the island didn't get completely destroyed. Where are you from? I'm from Alabasta. I came here to investigate Crocodile and Straw Hat. But it turns out that Straw Hat might already be dead. I'm sure the Navy wants to locate all the pirates that escaped the war... but there's no time for that now. You're right.
Whitebeard: One Piece... does exist!
Reporter: Whitebeard's last words inspired pirates from all over the world, and now they're causing trouble. The marines are busy going from sea to sea, suppressing each uprising. They sure are working hard. Speak of the devil... Here's a squad coming back from a mission.
Marine: What's that ship doing? It didn't enter the bay.  What's it doing?
Reporter: They're acting strange. Firing blanks?
Marine: What's going on?! Has that ship attempted to contact us?! No. This is impossible. Why... did he... What is it?! It's Straw Hat Luffy!
Reporter: What did he say?!
Marine: He hijacked a warship? Why now, of all times? Send that warship to the bottom of the sea! Is that the Sea Knight, Jinbe?! There's another man onboard! No way... Is that the living legend, former first-mate of the Roger Pirates, The Dark King, Silvers Rayleigh?!
Reporter: Why aren't they landing?
Marine: They're circling once around the entire island. It's like a funeral at sea! A funeral? Did they find out our forces aren't here right now? You miserable pirates! Launch a concentrated attack from all directions!
Rayleigh: Now, go wild!
Luffy: Right!
Marine: Capture Straw Hat!
Jinbe: I will take you on!
Rayleigh: I think you'll have to entertain me as well.
Reporter: What's he going to do? He ran to the west! So he's not planning to destroy HQ?
Marine: What's he going to do with the Ox Bell?! Flowers?
Reporter: This will make a great shot!
Marine: After him!  Don't let him escape!
Reporter: There he goes. What was that all about? The Dark King Rayleigh, and even Jinbe from the Seven Warlords of the Sea... Both of them were with Straw Hat? Rayleigh was on the Pirate King's crew. Is Straw Hat supposed to be Roger's successor? Hey, hey!  Straw Hat is Dragon's son!  That can't be. In any case, this... is big news!
Marine: People all around the world have already seen this article! They're reading how we let Straw Hat slip through our fingers! This is a complete disgrace! If we try to interpret Straw Hat's actions, it seems to be a memorial to his brother, Whitebeard, and everyone else who lost their lives during the war. Circling the island and his silent prayer suggests that interpretation. But it's a well-known fact that you only ring the bell twice on such occasions. Yet he rung it sixteen times! Sixteen rings must be a challenge to us!
Elder: I swear, this man always seems to be the topic of our discussions. Everything seemed to be explained when we found out Straw Hat Luffy is the grandson of Garp.  But now... What is his connection to Rayleigh? I doubt he wants to take center stage after all this time. Jinbe finally turned against us as well. His position in the Seven Warlords was a sign of peace with his species. Quite a shame. The Three Great Powers are completely out of balance now. How should we fill the three missing positions in the Seven Warlords of the Sea? We ought to wait and keep an eye on developments in the New World. Chances are, the power balance amongst the pirates will change as well. We must scout out the most powerful ones. Blackbeard has already made his move in the New World. He took out one of the rookies with a bounty exceeding one hundred million. He's familiar with Whitebeard's turf, after all. I guess we could say that he has a headstart for a position amongst the Four Emperors. No human in history has ever eaten two Devil Fruits before. Our only hope to stop his attacks would be the Four Emperors, or we could call Marco the Phoenix and the other remnants of Whitebeard's crew. The D's are always troublesome. Portgas was one of them too. These days, that name is showing up a little too often.
Kong: I tried to talk him out of it, but Garp has practically resigned his position. However, he keeps his title and remains in the Navy, in order to educate the young marines. If you intend to resign from your position as Fleet Admiral of the Navy, at least do the same, Sengoku.
Sengoku: Very well. I accept that request. It might be nice to spend my retirement that way.
Kong: The two men who have led the Navy from the front lines since Roger's era are leaving the battlefield. This is a pretty major event. Taking into account all the escapees from Impel Down Level Six, there are a lot of legendary pirates still out there.
Sengoku: Newgate was the greatest of them all. Now that the Pirate Era is about to be born anew, oldtimers like us shouldn't be leading the Navy. Justice lies in values which cannot transcend the generations.
Kong: It pains me to hear you say this.
Sengoky: Anyway, Kong-san. Considering who should be the next Navy Fleet Admiral... I'd like to recommend Aokiji for the position.
Doctor: The power known as Haki... There's no doubt this is one of its forms. It must have been awakened after some sort of trauma you suffered during the battle. Under normal circumstances, it will only develop after extensive training.
Coby: Haki... That's what this is?!
Doctor: All marines ranked Vice-Admiral or higher can control it.
Helmeppo: Seriously?
Coby: I can feel the presence of other people so strongly. It's just too much!
Doctor: You two are Garp's apprentices, right? Have him teach you how to control it.
Helmeppo: Hey, Doctor! Will I be able to learn it too?
Doctor: How should I know?
Helmeppo: Damn it!  It feels like you're a step ahead of me now!
Coby: I don't know how it happened either. But what could this be? I feel strangely different from what I was before. Can I become even stronger if I keep trying? Far, far stronger than I am now. Strong enough to catch up to him?
Random marine: I'm so sorry!  I was unable to hold the fort!
Aokiji: Don't worry about it. So he survived. Quite impressive. Have you heard?  Straw Hat caused another scene.
Smoker: I heard.
Aokiji: The great war just barely ended, and now the sixteen bells? Could this be some sort of message?
Smoker: Who knows? But anyway, what about my transfer?
Aokiji: Well, I'll discuss it with Sengoku-san. But are you serious?
Smoker: I wouldn't say anything like this as a joke.
Aokiji: Well, that's true, but G-5 isn't the sort of place people go to voluntarily. The place has its problems. The fifth division of the Navy's Grand Line unit. Basically, you want to go to the New World?
Smoker: I'd like to keep my targets close.
Narrator: The news of the incident caused by Straw Hat Luffy races around the world. Even here, in the New World.
Kid: So he's still alive, huh?  Straw Hat Luffy! Sixteen bells at Marineford to ring in the new era. What's the Ox Bell, anyway?
Killer: The Ox Bell is... a sacred bell that was carried by a warship named Ox Lloyds.  The ship served the Navy in the distant past. At the end of every year, it is rung eight times in gratitude for the past year, and another eight times as a prayer of good luck for the new one. So, ringing the bell sixteen times is a Marine tradition. That is the sixteen bells. But this is not the right time for it. In other words, he rang the bell to declare the end, and beginning, of an era.
Kid: So he's saying that "Whitebeard's era is over, and I will create a new one," huh?
Pirate: If he didn't have that kind of will, why would he willingly return to the place where he'd relive the pain of losing his brother?
Kid: That guy really gets on my nerves! True, the war made him stand out from us other rookies with bounties over a hundred million, but I ain't a weakling that will let him hold that advantage for long! I had expected more from this New World. What's with these spineless weaklings?!
Pirate: Please, give us a break! Nobody here did anything to harm you! We were just going to leave this sea! Please let us live and go back to Paradise!
Kid: Paradise?  You mean your warm house?
Pirate: You guys only just came to this sea, so you don't know how terrifying it truly is!
Bege: Straw Hat?
Pirate: Yes, it seems he caused another ruckus.
Bege: There's no need to panic. Only the final checkmate decides the winner. What is that?!
Pirate: Father!  The ship... It's left the water surface, and is floating into the sky!
Bege: What?! What is going on?  What is the meaning of this?! Steer us back on course!
Pirate: Father!  Something is descending upon us from the sky! No, wait!  We're the ones being sucked toward it!
Hawkins: I am truly sorry. Could you please repeat that? I couldn't quite hear you.
Brownbeard: I'm Brownbeard! The pirate with a bounty of over eighty million, Brownbeard-sama! You'd best remember my name well.  This is my turf! You've done something awful to my adorable underlings.  I'm going to take it out of your hide!
Hawkins: Oh?  It was such a ridiculous name, I was sure I'd misheard. Let me make two things clear.  First of all, I hate jokes.
Brownbeard: Jokes?!
Hawkins: Furthermore... The shadow of death looms over you on this day.
Urouge: Is the Log Pose really pointing toward that island?
Pirate: The lightningbolts are raining down!
Urouge: This is ridiculous! How are we supposed to land on this island?!
Narrator: Bold men who set foot into the New World for the first time...
Pirate: Reverend!  Someone is coming toward us!
Urouge: Who is that?
Narrator: ...all say the same thing about the first half of the Grand Line...
Totally not creepy woman: Young'uns up there.
Urouge: Who's this old lady?
Narrator: ..."That ocean was Paradise!"
Totally not creepy woman: You want an umbrella?
Pirate: If we stay on this sea, we won't last.  No matter how many lives we have! We just want to go back to Paradise!  Please!
Kid: You make me sick. Anyone who doesn't have the resolve to risk their lives... has no place on this sea! I'll take the lead in no time at all! So watch your back and wait, Straw Hat!
Narrator: The news of Luffy's second incident at Marineford spreads around the world in the blink of an eye. The public, and his crew, are confused by his baffling actions. But Luffy had his reasons. What are Luffy's true intentions?!
