Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Accompanied by Rayleigh and Jinbe, Luffy returned to Marineford once again. What is their real reason for going back? A certain deserted island on the Grand Line.
Mohji: Ever since you were arrested, I've been so worried that I couldn't sleep at night. I was planning to break you out!
Cabaji: We sailed all over the seas, everyday we were covered in wounds. Then all of a sudden the newspapers that said you, who were supposed to be in jail, had became a hero!
Mohji: Captain Buggy!
Cabaji: We've been looking for you! We always trusted and followed you so we thought: "Do you see that, New World?!  That's our Captain!"
Buggy: You guys!  You really had that much faith in me?! I really wanted to see you guys!
Mohji & Cabaji: Captain Buggy!
Alvida: Didn't you guys... abandon Buggy?
Mohji: And with that, men! I am the first mate of the Buggy Pirates, Mohji!
Prisoners: Big Bro Mohji!
Cabaji: I am the chief of staff, Cabaji!
Prisoners: Big Bro Cabaji!
Mohji: And this is my partner, Richie!
Prisoners: Richie!
Alvida: I still can't believe that stuff written in the news was actually true! All those guys are notorious criminals with high bounties, I've seen their posters before.
Buggy: Well, they're my partners in crime from Impel Down, you see! Oh, right... Hey, Alvida, want to see something amazing? Ta-daah!
Alvida: Isn't this... I can't believe it!  Captain John's treasure mark?!
Buggy: Indeed it is!
Alvida: Amazing!  How did you get your hands on it?
Buggy: That Straw Hat kid had it with him! The winds of this world aren't blowing to the west or east, they're all blowing in my direction!
Alvida: Speaking of Straw Hat, it looks like he's still causing trouble. You didn't know? I'm talking about his raid at Navy HQ.
Buggy: Huh, seriously? It was a miracle that he even survived, why would he go back? What's this? "His companions were the Sea Knight Jinbe, and the Dark King Silvers Rayleigh." Rayleigh? What would Rayleigh-san be doing with Straw Hat?! W-W-W-W-W-W-Wha- What the hell is this?! I can't even process this information properly! No, wait. Now that I think about it, they said his dad was Dragon the Revolutionary, didn't they? And his grampa was Garp, right? Going with that flow... Could that mean that Rayleigh-san is actually his uncle?!
Mr. 3: Hey, Buggy! A Carrier Bat has come with a message from the Government, it's addressed to you!
Buggy: Huh?!  How'd they know I was here?! It can't be. Has the Navy followed me all the way out here?! And now they're telling me to prepare myself? Hey!  Give me that!
Mr. 3: This is... This is an astonishing message indeed!
Buggy: Don't go and read it before I do!
Narrator: Meanwhile... This is where the Thousand Sunny is docked. The Sabaody Archipelago on the Grand Line. Grove 44.
Man: Hand that ship over to us! It belongs to the son of Dragon the Revolutionary, Straw Hat Luffy, doesn't it?! If we turn it over to the Navy, I'm sure they'll give us a hefty reward for it! We're both in the same business, so if you hand it over quietly I'm willing to give you half the reward. How about it, Flying Fish Riders?
Duval: What's that?  I'm handsome?
Man: Are you deaf?! I'm telling you to give me the ship, dumbass!
Duval: Like hell I'm lettin' ya guys have it!
Man: D-Damn you!
Duval: Listen up, you lot!  This handsome man is Duval. I'll never let a bunch of fools like you get all the ladies... I mean, steal the ship of my saviors as long as I'm sexy... I mean, as long as I'm here!
Pappagg: You kept messing up that speech!
Duval: As long as my eyes are black, I will not let you lay one finger on the Young Masters' ship! If you try to touch it then I wanna touch a pretty lady... Ah, I got that wrong! I mean, don't think I'll let you lay one finger on it! Ain't that right, men?!
Pirates: Yes, Rose-some!
Man: Retreat!
Caimie: Duval-chin, you're so cool!
Duval: A lady's declaration of love for handsome me? I love you too!
Caimie: We should take them to the Mermaid Café first, right? That's stylish!
Hachi: The most famous attraction on Fishman Island is the Fishman Karate Dojo, Caimie.
Pappagg: I promised the bone-guy I'd introduce him to the Mermaid Princess!
Man: Duval-sama, she's ignoring you!
Duval: That's true.  Never mind!
Caimie: Hey, Shakki-chin?  They'll all get back here by following the Vivre Card, right? I know that Luffy-chin is alright because of that article today, too.
Shakki: Yes, but it might take some time. At least we know that Ray-san safely met up with Monkey-chan. Until they come back, we have to do everything we can to protect this ship.
Duval: That's no problem as long as we're here, Sis! Be it the Navy or whoever... I ain't lettin' anyone steal the ship!
Shakki: I'm counting on you.
Man: Duval-sama, it's awful!  Kuma!  Kuma is here!
Duval: A bear?!  There are no bears on this island. That's...
Man: It's Bartholomew Kuma of the Seven Warlords!
Shakki: Don't panic. This man came to speak to Ray-san earlier. He's an ally. Right?
Narrator: This is Sandy Island on the Grand Line. The Land of Sand, Alabasta Kingdom. In the capital city of Alubarna.
Cobra: What's the situation with the pirates?
Why aren't you dead: We chased them off. The city suffered minimal damage.
Cobra: I see.  Good work.
Why aren't you dead: We're increasing security for all the ports in the country. Now that Whitebeard is dead, pirates all over the world have become more aggressive. We can't let our guard down.
Cobra: I wish that all pirates were like Luffy-kun... but that obviously isn't the case.
Why aren't you dead: Speaking of which, Your Majesty. Did you see the newspaper this morning?
Cobra: Oh, of course.
Igaram: Vivi-sama was overjoyed that Luffy-kun and the others were alright.
Why aren't you dead: I'm sure she was.
Cobra: Still...
Vivi: Carue! Look at this, Carue! Luffy-san is alright after all! I'm so glad... I really am relieved! Huh, what is this?
Cobra: And, just for a moment, she seemed to have a puzzled expression. Then she took the paper and went back to her room.
Vivi: These things on Luffy-san's arm... Numbers? Markings? Or is it just to look cool? That can't be it, right?  I mean, it's Luffy-san.
Narrator: Now, on the Grand Line, on a certain island, in a certain town.
Man: H-Hey!  What is he doing on this island?! Ssssh!  He'll hear us!
Crocodile: It's only been three weeks since the war. He should still be recovering after his near-death experience. What's he up to now?
Daz Bones: He must have some sort of plan. If not, he's lost his mind.
Crocodile: Is that what you think, Daz?
Daz Bones: Straw Hat is wounded. Do you really think wounds heal easily?
Crocodile: You cheeky bastard.  You trying to be sarcastic? My wounds are long since healed. To prove it, I'll return to the New World soon. So full of memories. Are you coming with me?
Daz Bones: Of course I am.
Narrator: The news of Luffy's latest actions... also reaches the hometown of each crewmate.
Dadan: Do you see, Ace? Luffy, the guy whose life you saved, is alright! So rest in peace!
Narrator: These are the waters of the Grand Line.
Luffy: Sorry about this, you guys. I forced you to make this long journey. What're you doing over there? I wonder if they'll get the message?
Rayleigh: As long as they read the article, they should understand it. The key is that it's not the sort of thing you'd normally do.
Jinbe: Hey, will you stop that?
Rayleigh: There was one man who seemed rather dense, though. Well, I'm sure he'll figure it out somehow. It should be understood by all of them. That's what I believe.
Narrator: The sky above the Grand Line.
Chopper: So that's it?  I got it, Luffy! I understand!  Really?  So that's it?
Narrator: East Blue, on top of the enormous bridge.
Robin: I see, so that's how it is.
That guy everyone thinks is Sabo: What is it, Robin-san?
Robin: Aye aye, Luffy.
Narrator: Kamabakka Drag Queendom.
Sanji: So that's what you meant, Luffy?
Ivankov: What is it?
Narrator: The Boyn Islands.
Usopp: I... absolutely... have to get off this island! Boing, boing, Boyn Islands! So... no matter what you say... I'm... going to Luffy! See!  I'm already at the edge of the island!
Heracles: You've only moved twenty meters'n.
Usopp: Damn it... What's wrong with my body?! I'm starving!
Heracles: You mustn't, Usopp'n! If you keep stuffing yourself, you'll just be doing what the island wants you to'n!
Usopp: Shaddup, leave me alone! Roger that!
Heracles: What is it now'n, Usopp'n?
Usopp: Roger that, Luffy!
Narrator: The Sky Island of Weatheria.
Haredas: Hey, hey, hey!  Hey, hey, hey! Girl!
Nami: Stop that!
Haredas: But you know, now that the balloon terminal has been shut down, there's nowhere else to run on this small Sky Island.
Nami: But I have to get off this place!  Try to think of a way!
Haredas: Well, that's easier said than done. For now, why don't you just go back to my house? Hey, hey!  Aren't you coming inside?
Nami: I get it. Sheesh, he decided that all on his own without taking our feelings into account!
Haredas: Girl, you're gonna get caught!
Narrator: The Future Kingdom of Bulgemore.
Kitton: Hey, Grampa, what do you think happened to the old guy?
Gramps: Listen up, Kitton, just forget everything.  Forget that man, forget what happened. It'd be outrageous if he escaped alive after getting caught in that huge blast. I kept warning him not to press the self-destruct button, too... What?!
Kitton: Huh?!
Franky: Alright then. Man, I'm beat!
Kitton: Old guy!
Franky: I see!
Narrator: Teena Gaina Kingdom.
Brook: I don't have the time to be relaxing here.
Longhand Man: Hey.
Brook: Yes?
Longhand Man: Have you eaten?  Hand over the plates.
Brook: Oh, of course. I believe I asked to see the newspaper as well. There's a chance that something about my companions might be printed in there.
Longhand Man: Really, you're just bones.  You don't even have eyes! How can you even read the newspaper?
Brook: Hearing someone else say that is really annoying!
Longhand Man: It's almost time for the show.  Try to look lively. Here you go.
Brook: Luffy-san!
Longhand Man: Thanks for your patience! Here we have the rarest specimen in the world, a moving skeleton! Have a look!
Brook: Oh, is that so? I understand, Luffy-san.
Narrator: The ruins of the Shikkearu Kingdom.
Perona: Hey, get up!  How long are you gonna stay asleep?! How many times do you have to get beaten up before you're satisfied?! Try to think about me too, forced to treat your wounds over and over!
Zoro: Nobody asked you to do that.
Perona: Oh, really?  And here I brought you another newspaper from the News Coo, too! And there's another update regarding your captain in it, too!
Zoro: What was that?! What did you just say?!
Perona: Calm down!  I said calm down! Hey, have you read it yet? My hands are getting tired.
Zoro: Wait just a little longer! There must be something here. Luffy wouldn't do something like this! The fact that Rayleigh was with him means that it must have been his idea! I'm sure there's something hidden here!
Perona: Whatever, just hurry it up!
Narrator: As the crewmates receive Luffy's message, a battle starts among the pirates entering the New World, to see who's worthy of filling Whitebeard's place among the Four Emperors. The struggle intensifies and a Navy Admiral appears to deal with the pirates!
