Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! After losing his brother Ace in the great war against the Navy, Luffy sent a message to the scattered Straw Hat Crew, in a way that only they would understand.
Luffy: I wonder if they'll get the message?
Rayleigh: As long as they read the article, they should understand it. It should be understood by all of them. That's what I believe.
Chopper: So that's it?  I got it, Luffy! I understand!  Really?  So that's it?
Robin: I see, so that's how it is. Aye aye, Luffy.
Sanji: So that's what you meant, Luffy?
Usopp: Roger that! Roger that, Luffy!
Nami: Sheesh, he decided that all on his own without taking our feelings into account!
Franky: I see!
Brook: Oh, is that so?
Zoro: Luffy wouldn't do something like this! The fact that Rayleigh was with him means that it must have been his idea! I'm sure there's something hidden here!
Narrator: Whitebeard's era is over. Pirates all over the world act with burning ambition. On the other hand, Trafalgar Law is...
Pirate: What?  We're still not going? Let's just go to the New World already! How long are you planning to waste time out here? What are we waiting for, Captain?
Law: I told you, we're waiting for the right time. Don't rush things. The great treasure, One Piece, isn't going anywhere.
Pirate: But you know, Blackbeard and his group are causing a stir in the New World! Rumor has it that they've already crushed one pirate crew! And there are bunches of Rookies with bounties over a hundred million entering the New World! If we dawdle around back here, we're gonna fall behind, Captain!
Law: Those guys can go on eliminating each other. I won't participate in pointless fights. Quit whining and just follow my orders. There's a throne waiting for us, never doubt it.
Pirate: Captain! We will follow you wherever you go!
Bepo: Aye aye, Captain! Leave it to me...
Pirate: Were you talking in your sleep?!
Bepo: I'm sorry...
Pirate: Don't apologize in your sleep! It's so cold.  At this rate, our bodies will freeze solid! Can anyone really be out here? What's that?  Something's falling out of the sky! Oh no...  Run! Is everyone alright? We're okay over here, at least. Really... What's with this island? Captain, let's retreat! This isn't the sort of place where humans can live!
Drake: I wouldn't be so sure. Nothing would surprise me in this sea. Look at that.
Pirate: What's that round mountain of snow? Those same icicles are sticking out of it! It's not a mountain of snow!  It's a steel dome! Look!  The dome is opening! I don't believe it.  A city inside a dome?
Dude: This is the favorite base of Kaidou, one of the Four Emperors. I've been entrusted with guarding it.
Drake: And?  What do you want me to do?
Dude: I'm not telling you to do anything.  It's just a warning. You're better off not angering Kaidou, Rookie.
Drake: In other words, if I take your head then Kaidou will take action?
Dude: Indeed.  If you understand, then quit stalling and just-
Drake: That makes things much easier!
Dude: An Ancient Zoan type, huh?  Now that's rare!
Apoo: Scratch! Check it out! You wasted my time.
Pirate: That's Captain Apoo for ya! You never lose! There's still so many of them?! This is serious.
Apoo: Ouch.
Pirate: Don't worry, guys! We've got Captain Apoo on our side!
Apoo: Listen up, men!
Pirate: Aye!
Apoo: Let's get the hell out of here!
Pirate: What?!
Apoo: There's no way we can beat a whole army of these ferocious boars!
Pirate: Captain!  We're headed straight for a cliff!
Apoo: Well, we have to escape somehow!
Pirate: We're done for!
Apoo: Don't give up!
Pirate: But that's the ocean right beneath that cliff!
Apoo: I don't care!  Jump!
Pirate: Huuuuuh?!
Apoo: What the?!
Pirate: Captain!  I don't know if you noticed, but we're running on air! The boars are following us into the air too!
Apoo: I can see that! What's with this island?!
Wolf: It's so hot... My legs are totally exhausted... There's no strength in my body either... Ouch.  A fish just bit me.
Blackbeard: Quit fussing, Wolf. Because of you, our raft almost broke. That's why we're doing this.
Shiliew: Trying to sail the seas of the New World on that raft was an absurd idea anyway.
Blackbeard: If I knew it'd be like this, we would've stolen a warship at Marineford.
Burgess: We're all attached to that old raft though.
Shiliew: I'm saying that you are too careless!  In everything you do.
Pizarro: Put me in command! I'll take over as captain for you, Teach.
Lafitte: I'm gonna kill you.  We are the Blackbeard Pirates.
Doc Q: Heaven already knows the fate of all.
Vasco Shot: We're almost out of booze. Can't we go to an island with a city on it soon?
Catarina Devon: I agree.  Though rather than a ship, I'd like some nice clothes. I'm so sick of these prison outfits!
Shiliew: Surely you can live with that little trifle?
Catarina Devon: My patience has a limit, you know.
Vasco Shot: Yeah.  How long do I have to wait?
Blackbeard: Where are those guys from the Navy?
Van Augur: I'll go take a look. They're taking too long.
Blackbeard: You can say that again. These guys look like they're going numb. Ain't that right, Jewelry Bonney?
Pirate: Captain Bonney...
Blackbeard: I'm impressed that a girl like you managed to get a bounty over one hundred million! The New World is reserved for the chosen strong ones! You did well making it this far from South Blue, but this is the end for you. I won't let you join my crew since you're so weak, but how about this?  If you become my woman, I'll gladly take you along. You'll get to sail the seas ahead.
Bonney: Get bent, you bearded swine!
Catarina Devon: Looks like you've been rejected.
Blackbeard: Forget it!  You're way too vulgar! Women are supposed to be dignified, right? I've got more than enough vulgar guys in my crew!
Pizarro: Yeah, you tell her!
Blackbeard: As planned, we'll hand her over to the Navy, in exchange for a proper warship!
Van Augur: Captain. I can see the Navy.
Blackbeard: They've got the warship they promised us, right?!
Van Augur: They do have a ship, but I doubt they're gonna give it to us.
Blackbeard: Huh?  How can you tell?
Van Augur: Akainu is onboard.
Blackbeard: Damn it all!  I'd rather avoid that guy for now. Let's get the hell out of here!
Burgess: A complete failure!
Gendo Ikari: Where's Blackbeard?
Marine: He's gone!
Gendo Ikari: When I heard you'd fled from the Government, my blood ran cold. But it's all over for you now.
Bonney: I will never forgive you for this!
Someone: He vanished?!
Doflamingo: Yup, that's honestly what happened.
Moriah: Who put you up to this?  Sengoku?!
Doflamingo: Nah... Someone above him. It's not a figure of speech either. He really just vanished on the spot. It surprised me.  I had no idea that the Kage Kage Fruit could do that.
Someone: This is nothing to laugh at!
Doflamingo: It's fine.  He was on the verge of death. Whatever he tried to do, it would be too late. Unless of course he went and zombified himself, that is! That would suit him, though.
Someone: Why are you being so carefree about this?!
Doflamingo: Quit being so cocky. When, exactly, did you become my boss?! No matter how much authority you guys hold in the Government, I'm a pirate! So I don't care! If this deal with you guys ever stops being fun, I'll quit being a Warlord immediately. Keep that in mind.
Narrator: This is Torino Kingdom. The Straw Hat Crew have all started moving in their various locations.
Man: Mister Racoon Dog gone. Birds feel same as us. We looking forward to seeing you again, Mister Racoon Dog! Right, we go back to work. What that? That... Bird has returned! What?  That too fast! Huh?  I not see Mister Racoon Dog. What happen to Mister Racoon Dog? What if he fall in ocean? That awful!  We all go look for him! W-Who that?!
Definitely not Chopper: I have nothing to hide! I am a hero of justice who fights against evil, in order to protect peace in the world. Chopper Mask!
Man: M-Mister Racoon Dog. We say you could come back anytime, but this too soon, right?
Definitely not Chopper: No, you've got the wrong man! I may look like him, but I'm actually his friend, Chopper Mask!
Man: You trying too hard, Mister Racoon Dog. You put on disguise because you embarrassed you come back so soon?
Definitely not Chopper: No, I keep telling you you're wrong!
Man: You alright, Mister Racoon Dog?
Definitely not Chopper: Stop making me repeat myself!  I'm his friend!
Man: You guys, stop be mean to him. These situations, we just play along. We were mistaken. That right. Chopper Mask?  Cool! Looking closer, you nothing like him. We so sorry.
OMG its Chopper: Oh, all right!  Your kindness is just too painful!
Man: Oh, Mister Racoon Dog!
Chopper: That tickles, you bastard! Actually, there's something I have to do here.  Can I stay a little longer?
Man: Of course!  You always welcome.
Chopper: There are so many plants I've never seen before growing on that tree. Please let me research them.
Man: In that case, we have perfect place.
Chopper: I need to get more stamina and power, too. I have to hurry.
Man: Oh, Mister Racoon Dog? You back already? I glad.
Chopper: Everyone, I'll be staying on this island for a while, so let's get along!
Man: Right, we here.
Chopper: What's this?
Man: This be... the village library. If you want research, use this.
Chopper: There are so many books! There's even more! It's filled with books all the way into the back! Amazing!  They're all books about the plants I want to research and the medicines I want to make! And there are so many of them!
Man: There many plants to make strong medicine from on this island. We have technology to make, but before birds prevent us getting ingredients, so we troubled.
Chopper: I'd judged the people of this island by their appearance, but now that I think about it, their weapons are pretty high-tech. They looked like a primitive bunch but this country actually has really advanced science, doesn't it? There are many things to learn here!
Man: Mister Racoon Dog!  You think you thinking that, but you saying it out loud! It really rude, too!
Chopper: I wonder how much I can accomplish here?
Man: Hey!  What is that creature? It must be the Abominable Snowman! He's dangerous!  Hurry and take the children inside! Guns!  Somebody bring guns! Kill it!  Get out of here, you damn monster! Don't let it get near the village!  Hurry and bring it down! It's the Abominable Snowman! Kill it! Don't let it get away! Take it down!
Chopper: Skull?
Hiluluk: This is a symbol of conviction that defies the impossible! With this flag raised, I will fight like a pirate! Pirates are great!  There are countless unbelievable people out at sea! Chopper, you should go out to sea someday, too! If you go out to sea, you'll realize just how insignificant your own troubles are! Compared to the rest of the world, the island you were born on is as small as this!
Chopper: Really?!
Hiluluk: No, smaller!  This one country is as small as this! It's true! Your future lies beyond that ocean!
Luffy: Hey!  Let's be pirates together!
Chopper: Sure, I do want to be a pirate, but... I can't join a crew of humans! I'm a monster! I can't join your crew! So... So I've just come to thank you... I'm... grateful to you guys. Thank you... for inviting me... I'm staying here, but... If you ever feel like it... then feel free to come visit us-
Luffy: Shut up! Let's go!!!
Chopper: Luffy brought me out to sea. I've been desperately trying to keep up, but what did I ever do for Luffy? I never want to experience anything like that again. But... back then... Luffy must have been in even more pain than the rest of us! Because you made me one of your crewmates, I'm gonna be alright.  No matter what anyone says! If it means I can be of any help to you... then I'll even become a real monster!
Luffy: Chopper! Chopper! Chopper!
Chopper: Luffy! I... will definitely... become stronger!
Narrator: In order to learn the secret techniques of the Kamabakka Drag Queendom, Sanji starts fighting a fierce battle!
