Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! After losing his brother Ace in the great war against the Navy, Luffy was struck by despair. Remembering the importance of his friends, he sent a message to the Straw Hat Crew. This is Weatheria, a small Sky Island.
Scientist: There she is! We finally found you! You've got some nerve, trying to fool us! You only wanted to steal our research material?! And in order to do it... you toyed with our innocent hearts! We demand that you surrender without a fight... you damn cat burglar!
Nami: Alright.
Haredas: What?!
Scientist: The research material she stole! And the Weather Ball! And Mister Haredas! Don't think we'll forgive you just because you gave them back!
Nami: I'm sorry.  I really regret my actions.
Scientist: Do you really think we'll trust you?! Let's strip her of everything she has and kick her out of the country!
Nami: No way! You perverts.
Scientist: Perverts?!
Nami: Perverts.
Scientist: No, no, no... It was just a figure of speech! You see, we weren't literally going to strip you- She's trying to change the subject. She's just trying to change the subject! Did you just tut?
Nami: Of course not! How awful!  How could just you accuse me like that?!
Scientist: That was a little mean. What, really?!  This is my fault?! Didn't you hear her tut just now?! She did? You're all being tricked!
Nami: How could you say that?!  I did no such thing!
Scientist: I-I suppose I could have misheard.
Haredas: She has you dancing in the palm of her hand.
Scientist: She's evil! We should chase her off the island after all! Right now!
Nami: Oh no! I'm sorry!  I've seen the error of my ways!
Scientist: As if we'll trust you now!
Nami: I guess you're right.  I understand. Well then, to prove my regret, I'm gonna go throw myself into the ocean.
Scientist: What?!
Nami: I hope you can forgive me in my next life!
Scientist: What?!
Nami: Farewell!
Scientist: We made her cry! We shouldn't be so harsh! You can't just throw your life away, you're so young!
Nami: Farewell...
Scientist: We're sorry!
Nami: Alright.  I forgive you. Well, I'll be staying here for a while, studying your weather science. Oh, my name is Nami.  Call me Nami-san if you like. Also, I'd like a house of my own.  Privacy is important, you know. One with a fluffy bed, a bathtub with bubbles, and a large closet. I'm counting on you, oldtimers of the sky. Right, let's do our best!
Scientist: Mister Haredas, say something!
Haredas: Good grief. You were so intent on leaving the island earlier, what brought about this change of heart?
Nami: I have my reasons.  Anyway, please continue.
Haredas: Very well. Weatheria drifts over the world according to the whims of the wind. We occasionally go down to the surface to gather goods and information, and continue on our journey.
Nami: Information?
Haredas: Well, records mostly. Records on the unbelievable weather phenomena of the Grand Line.  There are still so many-
Nami: What's this?!
Haredas: Uh, are you listening to me?
Nami: You gotta be kidding me?  Raining lightning?!
Haredas: Indeed.  It literally rains lightning. The lightning comes down like rain. It happens on an island in the New World. If you plan to cross that sea, you should know that it defies common sense more than anything before it. The world is a big place.
Nami: Please... Teach me, Haredas-san, about the climate of the New World. Tell me everything you know!
Haredas: You sure are hasty.
Nami: Well, of course I am! My crewmates' lives all depend on me! I'm their navigator! When we're out at sea, I have the biggest responsibility of all of us! I have to be ready to take us anywhere our captain wants to go, wherever it may be! Luffy says he's gonna be the Pirate King, so I can't take my job as a navigator lightly!
Haredas: Your captain is a lucky man, to have a crew that's so devoted to him.
Nami: I don't have a choice.
Haredas: You don't?
Nami: That's right.  I mean, he talks big all the time, but he's utterly clueless about the ocean. He's always doing insane stuff, too. If I left him alone... Luffy... Help.
Luffy: You bet I will!
Nami: If I left him alone, he'd die. He's such a moron, he's always causing me trouble.
Haredas: He sounds like one troublesome captain!
Nami: Yeah.  That's why I'm gonna help him. This time, I will! Hey, tell me about the Weather Balls.
Haredas: Don't ask so casually, this is Weatheria's greatest invention you're talking about! If they end up in the wrong hands, they could throw the entire world into disarray!
Nami: Could they be used as a weapon?
Haredas: Hey now, don't talk about such dangerous things! Don't grin like that!
Luffy: Nami! You are one of us!
Narrator: We now move to Karakuri Island on the Grand Line. The future kingdom of Bulgemore.
Marine: Investigating the sudden destruction of Doctor Vegapunk's laboratory. We still haven't been able to find the culprit.
Franky: Hey!  Hurry up!
Marine: It wouldn't be an exaggeration to call this the greatest loss of the century. Do you know anything about it?
Man: I heard that an intruder resembling a gorilla entered the lab.
Gorilla: It truly is baffling. It's impossible to reach this island without an icebreaker ship. But nobody has seen any such ship. They say that the intruder was Cyborg Franky of the Straw Hat Pirates, but he was spotted less than a month ago on the Sabaody Archipelago. We have no idea what route or means he used to get to Bulgemore.
Marine: Captain Gorilla!  The search party is departing for the snow mountains!
Gorilla: Very well.  I shall go as well!
Kitton: W-What is this?!
Franky: A hidden entrance uncovered by the explosion.
Grampa: I can hardly believe it.  We had no idea... that there was a second laboratory in here.
Franky: This seems to be where he built the Cyborg Animals that guarded the place. Hey, don't break anything!
Kitton: You're the last person I want to hear that from!
Franky: The laboratory that blew up contained inventions that made people's lives easier.  Those are gone now. But the stuff I'm interested in are the blueprints for weapons and such.  They are in this laboratory. This is amazing! There's stuff here on everything from battleships to human gene manipulation! What is going on inside this guy's head? Right, I've decided! I will live here!
Kitton: Live here?!
Franky: Yeah! Occasionally I'll come down from the mountain to stock up on cola, so always keep some in your house, okay? Don't worry.  As long as you stay quiet about me, I'll just live here. I won't cause any trouble. Quit making such a fuss over my face!
Kitton: Don't look at us!
Grampa: Scary!  Your face is scary!
Franky: What about now?  I put on a tiger carpet!
Those two: That's better.
Franky: F-F-Franky! I'm freezing.  Especially my legs.
Grampa: Why aren't you wearing trousers?
Franky: Right, that'll warm things up.
Grampa: Why aren't you wearing trousers?!
Kitton: But I thought you said you were leaving the island, so why?
Franky: Well, stuff happened. My dream... Would you please sail on the ship that I've built? Luffy... You helped me carry out my dream.
Luffy: Franky! Thanks for the ship!  It's the best! We'll take good care of it! If you want me to return your speedo, then join our crew!
Franky: You brought me with you into this wide world. Passing through countless seas, overcoming innumerable battles and troubles. And once we've sailed to the end of the sea... then my ship can truly be called the ship of my dreams. Hey, Luffy. The Sunny still hasn't showed its full potential yet! The only captain who can make the Sunny into my dream ship... is you. I will learn technologies that will let it overcome adventures rougher than any we've had so far. So, Luffy...
Grampa: Hey.  The tiger skin is on fire.
Gorilla: What's that?!
Marine: A monster?!  Be careful!
Franky: So Luffy, let's overcome them! The rough waves of the New World!
Narrator: This event passes into Grand Line history. The Legend of the Burning Spirit Beast of Bulgemore. Kamabakka Drag Queendom on the Grand Line.
Ivankov: Say, what was the deal with that newspaper?
Sanji: So that's what you meant?
Ivankov: Vyou suddenly calmed down after that.
Sanji: I received a message that only Luffy's crewmates, like myself  would understand. Just from that article. If you don't believe that he and I are crewmates, then I won't tell you, you dumbass.
Ivankov: Vyou're getting on vmy nerves!
Sanji: Hey, who made this food?
Ivankov: Oh?  Vi see that vyou can recognize good food when vyou taste it.
Sanji: The taste is good too, but more than that, my body feels strangely revitalized.
Ivankov: Indeed.  This is the dish of aggression! Many chefs on this island are capable of making this dish!
Okamaz: Yes!.. .Yes! Yes!. ..Yes! Yes!
Ivankov: Behold the beautiful strong physiques of the Candies on this island! And their gentle hearts! The Candies grow like this from eating the dish of aggression! Your diet decides your condition! And your physique! And your personality! All things that make up the human body! If 100% of the humans in the world were to drink milk every day, crime would disappear from the world! Can you believe it?
Sanji: Huh?
Ivankov: Vi'm saying that... if you're not aggressive, you lose!
Sanji: Using food to build one's physique... I've never thought of it that way before. So, every day, my cooking could help them develop? And then... I could make Nami-san and Robin-chan's bodies become even sexier?!
Ivankov: What should vwe do with this guy?
Sanji: What would I do?! I'm all fired up! Please teach me how to make that dish of aggression!
Ivankov: The answer is no!
Sanji: Ow!
Ivankov: Vyour line of thinking is far too soft. These 99 vital recipes have been passed down through the Kamabakka Drag Queendom, as one of the Secret Techniques of Newkama Kenpo: Bride Training! There's no way in hell Vi would let some random nobody like vyou learn them! If vyou want to know, then make vyour heart that of a maiden! Study Newkama Kenpo!
Sanji: I refuse! I was not born to be friends with the ladies! I am a man who was born... to love the ladies!
Ivankov: Vyou make a solid argument. Vi like that!  Vi will give you a chance.
Sanji: A chance?
Ivankov: Vi will give the recipes to the 99 grandmasters of Newkama Kenpo that reside on this island. If vyou are a pirate, then steal all of those recipes! However, vwe will be prepared, and all the Newkamas will attempt to put you in the sweets dress! Vi'm curious to see if vyou can hold on to vyour manliness.
Okama: Sanji-kyun! We won't let you rest!
Caroline: The sweets dress. I will make you remember the joy of wearing a skirt!
Okama: Sanji! Being a maiden is great, you know!
Ivankov: Vyou... versus the Newkama Head Temple! If vyou can win this battle, Vi will even give you a ship. Vi will grant all vyour requests. Now, what will you do?!
Luffy: Hey, cook! Join my crew, will ya? Become the cook on my pirate ship! I won't die. I will not die here!
Zeff: You come across idiots like him, now and again. Once they've decided on their goals they don't stop fighting until they die.
Ivankov: Should Vi take the fact that vyou're not responding as an indication that vyou give up? Understandable.  If vyou lose-
Sanji: Once I've won... Once I've beaten you all... I suppose I'll have gotten several times stronger than I am now.
Zeff: Even if you pierce his body with hundreds of weapons, nobody stands a chance against a spear of pure guts.
Sanji: Hey, Luffy. Don't you lose. I'm thinking of going someday too. To the Grand Line.
Luffy: Then let's go now!
Sanji: It's not time yet. Hey, do you know of All Blue?
Luffy: Nope!
Sanji: What, you don't know? It's a miraculous sea! We've both got stupid dreams. In order to reach my own goal, the All Blue...
Luffy: Sanji?
Sanji: Yeah, I guess I'll tag along on your road to becoming the Pirate King. I'll be your ship's cook. Luffy, the next time we meet... I will... support you as the greatest cook in the world, so that you may become the Pirate King. I will... live through... this Hell. I accept... your challenge!
Ivankov: Well said. Vwe will not hold back!
Sanji: I wouldn't want it any other way!
Ivankov: So, here vwe come!
Okama: Sanji-kyun! Don't be so cold!
Sanji: Shut up!
Okama: Or what?
Sanji: I can't afford to lose here!
Okama: That won't work! An opening!
Sanji: I won't lose either, Luffy!
Caroline: Next up, I will take you on. Just try stealing the recipe from me, the great Caroline!
Sanji: Fine by me. This'll let me get revenge for last time, too! Let's go! I will definitely... win!
Narrator: Luffy's message has been received by his crew. Keeping their feelings for Luffy close to their hearts, the crew strengthens their resolve for a new goal. Preparing for the day they regroup with their captain and head out on new adventures!
