Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! After losing his brother Ace in the great war against the Navy, Luffy was struck by despair.
Luffy: Pirate King?!  Yeah, right! I'm... weak!
Narrator: Luffy was reminded how much his friends mean to him. And then, at the Dark King Rayleigh's suggestion, he returned to Marineford. The Straw Hat Crew, scattered across the world, received a message hidden in Luffy's baffling actions. They now are acting on it.
Nami: Luffy says he's gonna be the Pirate King... so I can't take my job as a navigator lightly!
Franky: Hey, Luffy. The Sunny hasn't showed its full potential yet! The only captain who can make the Sunny into my dream ship... is you.
Sanji: Luffy, the next time we meet... I will... support you as the greatest cook in the world, so that you may become the Pirate King.
Narrator: This is Sword Mountain Island on the Grand Line, Teena Gaina Kingdom.
Dudey McMan: Come on in and have a look! What a huge crowd!  What is everyone looking at? It looks like they've captured some strange creature. Now gather around and behold this bizarre life form! No chest! No flesh! No eyeballs! This creature has the appearance of a real skeleton! What's more, his arms only have a single joint! Is there a more extraordinary creature anywhere?! Hey!  Don't try to deceive us with cheap tricks, charlatans! What?  Are you not satisfied? That thing hasn't moved a muscle yet! It's just a mannequin, isn't it?!
Brook: Luffy-san has made his decision. In which case, I must also do something.
Dudey McMan: Hey, skeleton!  Quit messing with us!
Brook: I cannot just sit here!
Dudey McMan: Oh, so you understand?  That's right, move! This wouldn't be much of a show otherwise!
Brook: How may I be of aid?
Dudey McMan: Just moving around would be plenty helpful! So move! What's going on here?!
Brook: You were not the least bit scared when you saw me, and what's more, you invited me to join your crew.
Luffy: Anyway, you! Join my crew!
Brook: Oh?  Very well. It had been fifty years. Could you imagine my joy, after drifting around on the dark ocean for so long? A certain man stole my shadow.
Luffy: What're you talking about?! If you need a shadow, I'll get it back for you!
Brook: I am glad to be alive!
Luffy: I'm sure you are.
Brook: May I join your crew?
Luffy: Sure, fine by me.
Usopp & Sanji: He joined...
Chopper & Franky: Just like that?!
Brook: Do you realize how brilliantly you were shining to me? Fifty years of praying for a miracle, answered at last.
Dudey McMan: Give me back my money! Yeah! Damn!  I thought we'd make some money off this, but it looks hopeless. If he won't do as he's told, we'll just have to force- What?! H-He's moving!
Brook: Forty degrees!
Dudey McMan: Huh?!
Brook: Argh, it's so difficult!
Dudey McMan: He's really talking and moving!
Brook: If I try going below forty-five degrees, I end up slipping. However, once I can master this... I may be of more use to Luffy-san. On second thought, perhaps I should consider another method?
Dudey McMan: He's holding a guitar! What is he gonna do? What are you planning now?! You don't have to put on a crappy show! This is just an exhibition!
Brook: An exhibition is fine with me!  Call it whatever you wish. The word "Loneliness" no longer exists in my vocabulary! Ladies and gentlemen! Is it not boring to simply look at me?
Dudey McMan: What's with this rhythm? It's making my heart dance!
Brook: Please listen to my new single, "Bone to be Wild!"
Narrator: This is the underside of the giant bridge in East Blue.
Revolutionary: What brought about this change of attitude? We are really grateful that you are coming with us to Baltigo. Dragon-san has always wanted to meet you.
Robin: If I had known you were such charitable people, I would have wanted you to come and see me sooner.
Revolutionary: W-We're sorry!  We hadn't heard about your team-up with Crocodile.
Robin: That was a joke.  I was just teasing you. Sorry about that. I'm glad things turned out the way they did.
Voice: Set sail!  Set sail for Baltigo!
Saul: Go meet your true friends!  I'm sure they're waiting out on the sea somewhere, Robin!
Dudey McMan: Seventy-nine million Beli? An eight-year-old with a bounty that high?! She's apparently a survivor from the demons of Ohara, who were plotting to destroy the world. From Ohara?! And I have no idea how it happened, but she's supposed to have sunk six Navy warships as well. So that's why she got this insane bounty? She is the child of demons, and she mustn't be allowed to live!
Luffy: Alright, you just wait right there!
Robin: Why are you trying to save me?! When did I ever ask you to do that?! I just want to die!
Luffy: I know exactly who Robin's enemy is. Shoot down that flag.
Robin: Impossible!
Spandam: Are you guys out of your minds?! Don't think you'll be able to survive with the entire world as your enemy!
Luffy: Fine by me! Robin! I still haven't heard it from your mouth! Say that you want to live!
Robin: If I really am allowed to express my true desires, then... I... I wanna live! Please let me go out to sea with you!
Revolutionary: Robin-san, please come inside. It's cold out here.
Robin: I'll be fine out here. I'm a pirate.  You are revolutionaries. I can't trust you that easily. I will not enter a cabin where there are no escape-routes.
Revolutionary: What?!  We have no intention of harming you!
Robin: Just let me stay.  Back when I was on my own, this was how I lived.
Revolutionary: I'm sorry... Very well. Hey!  Bring as many warm blankets as you can find! And something hot to drink and eat, too! B-But we've got all that prepared inside... Hurry up!  And a wind guard and a sofa, too! Right!
Robin: Luffy. If I go to your father, and let the tides of the world direct me, I wonder if I can become a little stronger? Wanting to become stronger for the sake of someone else. I'd never considered it before.
Narrator: Meanwhile, the Boyn Islands on the Grand Line.
Heracles: What is it now'n, Usopp'n?
Usopp: I'll burn some fat!  And work out!
Heracles: Oh'n!  That's a great idea'n!
Usopp: And then I'll become stronger!
Heracles: Good'n!  You can't get off the island otherwise'n!
Usopp: And then I'll become even stronger than that!
Heracles: Yes'n!  That sounds good too'n!
Usopp: And then I'll become much, much stronger!
Heracles: That much'n?
Usopp: Much, much, much, much, much stronger!
Heracles: You're incredibly motivated'n! Suddenly starting to work out like that'n. What exactly was written in that paper'n?
Usopp: I... received a message from our captain.
Heracles: Message?
Zoro: What're you talking about?  Get onboard, already.
Luffy: We're friends, aren't we?
Usopp: Luffy!
Luffy: U-Usopp... Y-You... were here too?
Usopp: Win!  And then we'll all go back together, Luffy!
Luffy: Of course we will!
Usopp: I... thought that Luffy could become the Pirate King on his own, I'd just stand by and watch.
Luffy: We've finally made it this far! When we've crossed the other half of the world, and see this wall again... When that happens... I'll be the Pirate King!
Usopp: But I was wrong. Even he has plenty of enemies he can't beat. Even Luffy can be defeated! He's pushing himself too hard!  He was screaming! That's why... he needs my strength! Heracles'n! I want to become stronger! Much, much, much stronger! Please, Heracles'n-sensei...
Heracles: Huh?  Sensei'n?
Usopp: I've been curious about those weapons of yours. There's so much I want to learn from you, the man who survives on this island using his amazing skills!
Heracles: Amazing skills'n? I am a sensei with amazing skills'n?
Usopp: That's right!  You are an amazingly skilled sensei!
Heracles: And, my name is... Heracles'n!
Usopp: That's such a cool name!
Heracles: R-Right!  Take a seat, Usopp'n.
Usopp: Yes, sensei!
Heracles: Listen up, my student Usopp'n! There are plants on this island called Pop Green.  They are hostile and can sprout instantly. These are their seeds'n.
Usopp: Pop Green?
Heracles: They all have their uses'n.
Usopp: I see'n. Wait for me, Luffy!
Heracles: Run, Usopp'n!  This forest will make you stronger'n!
Usopp: In order to help you become the Pirate King, I will become a true King of Snipers!
Narrator: And now, to Kuraigana Island on the Grand Line, ruins of Shikkearu Kingdom.
Zoro: I'm begging you! Please, train me in the ways of the sword!
Mihawk: I've misjudged you, Roronoa. You ask your sworn enemy to teach you? You should be ashamed! Get out of my sight. I have no business with such a worthless man. It seems I overestimated you. What are you doing? You are only embarrassing yourself.
Zoro: I want to become stronger!
Mihawk: You failed to defeat the baboons, and couldn't go out to sea. Then you crawled back here. I have nothing to teach one such as you.
Zoro: I did defeat the baboons.
Mihawk: He beat them?
Zoro: Now, I just need to take your head! But I'm not so stupid to think I can beat you right now.
Mihawk: I do not understand. If you still consider me your enemy, why do you bow down before me and ask me to train you? For what purpose?!
Zoro: So that I can surpass you!
Mihawk: So you want me to personally train a swordsman who wants take my own head? What a strange fellow.  How ridiculous! And you are still disgracing yourself. It would seem I have found a man truly filled with ambition. Hey, ghost-girl.  Tend to his wounds.
Perona: Hey!  Don't tell me what to do!
Mihawk: The training will begin after your wounds have healed.
Perona: Damn it!  Everyone keeps ordering me around! Come on, get back to your room!
Mihawk: What an awkward man. When someone like him discards his pride, it must be for the sake of another.
Perona: "3D" with an X over it, and "2Y"? You're right!  It's tattooed into Straw Hat's right arm!
Zoro: We made a promise to meet at a certain place in three days. And now look at how it's turned out!
Perona: So "3D" stands for "Three days"? But the "3D" is crossed out, and the "2Y" means...
Zoro: Two years.
Perona: Two years?!
Zoro: We won't be meeting up in three days, but in two years. Everything else was just a distraction to hide the real message from everyone else. This message was meant only for us.  It's the decision that Luffy made. There's no point in rushing. As we are, we won't stand a chance in the New World. We'll stop here, and increase our strength! And then we'll set sail once more!
Perona: Hey!  I'm telling you to go back to sleep!
Zoro: You...
Luffy: That won't work!
Zoro: Y-You... Just who are you?
Luffy: I'm Monkey D. Luffy. The man who will become the Pirate King!
Zoro: Until the day I beat him and become the greatest swordsman... I swear I will not lose, ever again! You got a problem with that... Pirate King?!
Luffy: Nope.
Zoro: No matter how much time we have, it won't be enough. Please begin.
Mihawk: You said you defeated the baboons, right? The baboons who have learned various sword techniques by mimicking humans. Of course there are ranks among them, and a master. You could call him the baboon king, he rules over all the baboons on the island.
Zoro: That sword!
Mihawk: He's mimicking me, and attempting to improve his swordplay. He's on an entirely different level from the baboons you've faced so far.
Zoro: Sounds good. I'll keep on getting stronger!
Straw Hat Pirates: We'll meet up in two years, at Sabaody Archipelago!
Narrator: The Straw Hat Pirates have decided to improve their skills before they regroup in two years. Luffy lands on the uninhabited island of Ruskaina. And, in order to meet the new adversaries and adventures waiting for him in the New World, he begins training to use a new power!
