Narrator: It is currently the Great Age of Pirates. A struggle between countless pirates began while looking for the great treasure, One Piece, left behind by the legendary Pirate King, Gold Roger. The boy who became a rubber man after eating the Gomu Gomu Fruit, Monkey D. Luffy, is one of the many adventurers who went out to sea to become the Pirate King. Luffy and his companions have already experienced countless adventures. Not even the World Government can ignore their existence any longer.
Luffy: I'm really excited! What adventure is waiting for us next?
Narrator: Today, the crew aiming for the New World will continue through the Grand Line! Luffy was reminded of how much his friends mean to him, and he returned to Marineford at the Dark King Rayleigh's suggestion. His crew, scattered across the world, received a message hidden in Luffy's baffling actions.
Zoro: Luffy wouldn't do something like this! I'm sure there's something hidden here!
Chopper: I got it, Luffy! I understand!  Really?  So that's it?
Robin: I see, so that's how it is.
Sanji: So that's what you meant, Luffy?
Usopp: Roger that, Luffy!
Nami: Sheesh, he decided that all on his own without taking our feelings into account!
Franky: I see!
Brook: Oh, is that so? I understand.
Straw Hat Pirates: We'll meet up in two years, at Sabaody Archipelago!
Jinbe: Here he comes.
Luffy: Jinbe!  Thanks for everything!
Jinbe: I am the one who ought to be thanking you! You listened to my plea and helped me escape from Impel Down, allowing me to live on, though in a shameful manner. I cannot thank you enough.
Luffy: I thought I told you to stop that. If you hadn't been there, I might have never made it to Navy HQ. Raise your head.
Jinbe: I suppose so. And I might have the chance to help you again someday. With that said, let us meet again in two years, at Fishman Island! I am looking forward to the day when you and your crew arrive!
Luffy: Sure! Take care!
Hancock: Luffy, I am so glad you've recovered. Your hands, your smile, and all of your carefree gestures... They all make my heart pound with excitement. At this rate, I might actually die from excitement! I feel dizzy.
Rayleigh: Are you alright, Hancock?
Hancock: You need not worry about me.
Rayleigh: I'd like to go to our training ground immediately. Can you turn the ship around?
Hancock: V-Very well! Set the ship's course for Ruskaina Island!
Rayleigh: This island is ideal. It's called the Island of 48 Seasons.  It's a ruthless island where the season changes once a week.
Luffy: Huh, really?
Hancock: Luffy. I will bring you food from the Island of Women each and every day!
Luffy: What, seriously, Hancock? In that case, I'd like that special dish of yours, the Gorgon Whatever-it-was! That was delicious!
Hancock: O-Of course... I will provide you with as much of your favorite things as you could ever want. And that was the tenth time you called me by my name! I-Is this what engagement is like?
Nyon: It is nyot!  And why do you keep moving backwards? You said you were myarried earlier, did you nyot?
Rayleigh: Hancock, you can't spoil him like that. I will not allow any of the women to set foot on this island while Luffy-kun is training.
Hancock: What gives you the right to decide such things, Rayleigh?! Answer carefully.  I might have to petrify you!
Rayleigh: He can find all the food he needs in the mountains, forests, rivers or ocean!
Nyon: Please let go of his nose, Snyake Princess!
Rayleigh: If he can't handle basic survival skills, he'll never make it as a pirate! This is all to help Luffy-kun!
Hancock: Did you say... it's for Luffy's sake?
Rayleigh: I did.
Hancock: For Luffy's sake... Then I shall endure it! But Rayleigh, this island is truly dangerous. If anything happens to him...
Rayleigh: The training would be pointless if nothing ever happened. If you're worried, then pray for his safety. Let's go, Luffy-kun.
Luffy: Sure! Sure!
Hancock: Luffy... Please be safe.
Rayleigh: Remember that tree. The beasts in the forest will not approach it. It is the one and only safe spot on this island.
Luffy: Really?  It sure has a weird shape!
Rayleigh: Alright... Now we are the only two humans on this island. Look carefully at this vast wilderness. It is said that a country used to be here. But conditions were too harsh for humans to survive. It's a harsh wilderness, a place where only the strong survive.
Luffy: This place smells of adventure!
Rayleigh: The island is crawling with beasts. I cannot even count them all. In your current state, there are at least five hundred that you can't beat. You need to become stronger or you won't be able to sleep at night.
Luffy: How can you tell what's here, or how many there are?
Rayleigh: It's not just me. You, too, will learn to use this power. The power known as Haki!
Luffy: Haki? Look!  Look!  Something's coming, Pops Rayleigh! Pops!  Look behind you!
Rayleigh: Listen up, Luffy.  Haki is a power that dwells within everyone in the world.
Luffy: An elephant?!  It's five times as big as a normal one! That's one amazing elephant!
Rayleigh: Presence.  Fighting spirit.  Control. It is no different from the other senses that normal humans have. But average humans don't even notice this power, or they may try to develop it their entire lives without success. Removing all doubt.  That is strength.
Luffy: L-Look out! Dammit, what's with this elephant? Not only is he strong, but he's fast too!
Rayleigh: Watch closely. Haki is typically divided into two shades.
Luffy: Look out!
Rayleigh: It's alright. The elephant is swinging its trunk at me from the right. The power to be sensitive to your opponent's presence. This is the Color of Perception.
Luffy: Amazing.
Rayleigh: If you can master this power, you'll be able to discern both the location and number of enemies outside of your field of vision. It even allows you to predict what the enemy will do in the next moment.
Sandersonia: A kick with the left foot.
Eneru: Mantra.
Rayleigh: On the Sky Island of Skypiea they call this power "Mantra".
Luffy: That was close!
Rayleigh: Next up, the Color of Arms. This one is like putting on invisible armor.
Luffy: Pops! I... know that one!
Sentoumaru: Leg Locked, Heave-Ho!
Rayleigh: Stronger armor will obviously increase your attack power as well.
Luffy: That hurt!  I'm made of rubber, yet that flick really hurt!
Rayleigh: This is the most useful part of this power. When fighting against Devil Fruit users, the Color of Arms is the only way to oppose them. Otherwise you must find a weakness in their individual powers. Even the freely flowing bodies of Logia-users, which might otherwise seem invulnerable, can be struck normally by using it.
Luffy: Was this why you could touch Kizaru? So that means I could even hit Smokey or Aokiji from the Navy by using this?
Rayleigh: This power can be imbued into weapons too. Have you seen the archery of the Kuja Tribe?
Luffy: Yeah... I thought they were steel arrows or something.
Rayleigh: The Color of Perception, and the Color of Arms. These two types are Haki. However, a select few people in the world can utilize another kind of Haki. Pay attention. This is the power to control your opponent, the Haki of Conquerors. Many people who have made a name for themselves in this world... possess this power hidden within them. However, while the Haki of Conquerors can be controlled, it cannot be trained. It is the very spirit of the user. The only way to strengthen it is to strengthen one's own mental strength.
Luffy: That's what you used back at the Auction House!
Rayleigh: I'm sure you've experienced it already. Your potential as a Conqueror is already awakening.
Luffy: Stop it!
Rayleigh: But you should refrain from using it until you've got it completely under control. Otherwise, you'll end up affecting innocent bystanders around you. What is it?
Luffy: Amazing! The crew of the Pirate King can beat monsters like these without even touching them?
Rayleigh: Have you gained some respect for me?
Luffy: Yeah! But I've seen this Haki-thing several times before. Shanks... Grandpa... Eneru and Aisa... and then there's Hancock and the Kuja Warriors.
Rayleigh: I'm sure you have.  However, learning how to use Haki will not be easy.
Luffy: Right.
Rayleigh: Usually, the amount of time we have wouldn't be enough, but you have a lot of potential. Over the next two years, I intend to try to teach you the basics of the Colors of Perception, Arms and Conquerors. However, most people tend to develop one specific Color above the others, depending on their own skills and weaknesses. They single out the one they're best at, and concentrate on that one. If you strengthen your skills in all three, you'll be able to acheive much more.
Luffy: Sure, I got it.
Rayleigh: Well then, I won't go easy on you, Luffy.
Luffy: Right!  I don't want you to either!
Rayleigh: So, shall we-
Luffy: Ah, wait a sec! Pops said this was the one safe spot, right? The pirate Straw Hat Luffy is taking a short break.
Sabo: Ace!  Luffy! The three of us have to set out to sea someday! We'll get out of this country and be free! Let's get stronger, and become pirates!
Ace: I will become a pirate, defeat everyone in my way, and become known across the whole world! That will be the proof that I lived!
Luffy: Really?  Alright... I'm gonna... Oh, right. This too. Guys...
Straw Hats: Luffy.
Brook: Luffy-san.
Straw Hats: Luffy!
Rayleigh: Hey, hurry! We're starting!
Luffy: Got it! I'm counting on you, Pops!
Rayleigh: No good. Say "Please teach me, Rayleigh-san"! No, "Rayleigh-sensei"! Or "Master Rayleigh"?
Luffy: Please teach me, Rayleigh!
Rayleigh: Well, it doesn't matter.
Luffy: Zoro, Usopp, Sanji... Nami, Chopper... Robin, Franky, Brook... And, Ace and Sabo! In order to reaffirm my promise... I will become stronger!
Narrator: Two years have passed since the great war. With the new powers that they gained through training, the Straw Hats finally begin to reunite. Luffy and the others take up their journey again into the final ocean of the Grand Line, the New World!
