Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! Two years have passed since the great war at Marineford. Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates have all been training on their own, and now they return to the Sabaody Archipelago in order to move on to the next stage: The New World.
Shakki: Oh my...
Zoro: What, none of the others have come yet?
Not Luffy: Take another look at the poster! Your bounty has to be at least seventy million beli! I won't deal with any captains worth less than that. Get lost!
Nami: I'll only say it one more time. You're not my type.  I refuse to drink with you.
Usopp: Well Miss, would you like to drink with me instead?
Brook: Come on Baby! Yeah!  I'm just bones!
Audience: Bone!
Sanji: Sanji the Man has just returned from hell!
Robin: Brook's holding a live concert? The Straw Hat Crew is recruiting new members? What is going on here?
Franky: Sorry to have kept you waiting, Sunny! We'll set sail soon!
Luffy: Oh, did I bump into you?  Sorry about that. See ya.
Not Luffy: Wait just a minute!
Luffy: This isn't good.
Hancock: That is the Sabaody Archipelago you see on the horizon. Luffy, this is as far as we can take you. Our connection must not be made known to others.
Luffy: Right.
Hancock: Take this. Put it on your nose.
Luffy: I won't get busted, I don't need to go that far!
Hancock: Is that so? But you never know what might happen.
Luffy: Sure.
Hancock: You have to be prepared. Be sure to keep your face concealed. The world may think that you are dead now, but after the incident two years ago everybody knows your face. If you cause a commotion, it may make it difficult for you to set sail afterward.
Luffy: Sure, I got it.
Hancock: Also, I filled this backpack with five hundred sets of clothing, one thousand lunches, enough handkerchiefs, tissues and towels to last for five years, water and snacks for three years, plus some silver tableware, a toothbrush, soap, handcream, and ointment for insect bites, also three years' worth-
Nyon: Pyack less than that!
Hancock: What?
Margaret: I hope you safely meet up with your crew.
Luffy: Yeah... I really owe you all a lot.
Margaret: We'll be praying for your good fortune.
Sweetpea: The saga of "But Rumor Has It That the Sabaody Archipelago Has Gotten Wilder in the Past Two Years."
Nyon: Indeed, and because of thyat, the Navy has been keeping a close eye on it.
Sweetpea: The saga of "Please Be Careful!"
Luffy: Got it.
Hancock: If you need us, the Kuja Pirates will always be willing to help you. I hope you do not forget that. Also, I have one request.
Luffy: What is it?  I'm not marrying you, just so you know.
Hancock: Not that.  I merely wish that we part without saying "good bye".
Luffy: Oh, that's all?  I never say that to anyone! I want to meet you again, after all. Right, I'll be going then!
Kuja Pirates: See you later!
Margaret: Stay well, Luffy!
Luffy: See you later!
Hancock: He said... he wanted to meet me again! Could this be... a proposal?!
Nyon: It is nyot!
Luffy: And Hancock warned me so many times... that I mustn't cause a commotion.
Not Luffy: You just bumped into me on purpose, didn'cha?
Dudey McMan: T-That guy's in serious trouble!
Sanji: W-What?! That stupid swordsman was the first one here?! This is not good... I foresee stormy seas ahead.
Shakki: And Franky-chan was second.  He arrived ten days ago, and went to the ship shortly afterward.
Sanji: So the Sunny is still alright?
Rayleigh: Naturally.  It's completely unscratched, and the coating is finished too.
Sanji: That's good to hear.
Rayleigh: This guy seems to have worked hard too.
Duval: Even though my reputation was damaged, I have no regrets.
Flying Fish Riders: Yes, one-year recovery time!
Sanji: You're more devoted than I thought you were. I'm in your debt, Duval.
Duval: What's that?  I'm handsome? I'm just repaying the favor, Young Master. Through rainy days and windy days, no matter how many savage pirates targeted the ship... we fought day in and day out, all covered in wounds. Each and every day was a struggle!
Flying Fish Riders: Duval-sama!
Sanji: Even so, it must have been really bad to take a full year to recover.
Duval: Just ladies to me... I mean, just listen to me, Young Master. After a while, even the Navy showed up-
Shakki: And the third one to arrive was Nami-chan.
Sanji: Nami-swan! Where?!  Where is she now?!
Shakki: She was bored, so she went to town to do some shopping.
Duval: You're not interested in hearing about my struggles any more?!
Sanji: Nami-san is shopping!  Nami-san is shopping!
Shakki: The fourth one, Usopp-chan, came three days ago and then went to town. The fifth, Chopper-chan, arrived yesterday. And Brook-chan came to the archipelago today to perform a live show.
Sanji: Live show? What is that?
Shakki: And then you came. In other words, including you, seven of the crew are on the archipelago somewhere.
Rayleigh: So that leaves Nico Robin and Luffy, huh? Just making it to these islands a second time is extremely difficult. Quite an impressive crew.  I'm glad it looks like you'll be able to regroup safely.
Sanji: So am I.  I was surprised to hear that you were training Luffy, though. I'm sure he's gotten unbelievably strong.
Rayleigh: I haven't seen him for half a year myself.  I'm looking forward to seeing how much he's developed.
Sanji: Developed... I wonder how much Nami-san has developed these past two years?
Rayleigh: Uh, are you alright?
Duval: Y-Young Master?
Sanji: Still, I went through two years of training in hell. I have to show the results. I can endure any temptation now!
Everyone: You're not enduring it at all!
Dudey McMan: Run! The rookies are fighting again! I thought the pirates would lie low after Whitebeard's death... But it's the exact opposite! Pirates from all over the world come and try to prove that they're the best. The entire island is pretty much a lawless zone!
Chopper: Really?  Seems dangerous.
Generic Unimportant Small-fry: Now do you see?! My crew will be the next to follow Blackbeard, Kid, Drake and the others into the New World. More than that, we'll be the ones to surpass them!
Dudey McMan: Hey, look! Those are... So the rumors are true after all. We thought they all died fighting the Navy here on the Sabaody Archipelago two years ago. But they're back again. Yeah, no doubt about it.  The most powerful pirate crew on the archipelago right now is... The Straw Hat Pirates.
Chopper: Huh?!  Is it Nami?  Usopp?
Generic Unimportant Small-fry: What?  The Straw Hats?!
Dudey McMan: That's "Pirate Hunter" Zoro.  His bounty's 120 million beli! There's "Black Leg" Sanji.  His bounty's 77 million beli! Nico Robin, who became a wanted criminal when she was only eight.  Her bounty's 80 million beli! And the "Cotton-Candy Lover", Tony Tony Chopper. His bounty's fifty beli! Cheap!
Chopper: Who is it?!  Is Luffy there too?! Move!  Please get out of the way!
Generic Unimportant Small-fry: Finally some worthy opponents! Kill 'em! Hold it! Why are you stopping us, Captain?! If we pick a fight with that crew, Straw Hat Luffy won't let us get away! I'd rather not get slaughtered for no reason, especially when we're about to enter the New World!
Chopper: Hey!  Zoro, Sanji! Robin!  Wait up!
Not Zoro: Who's that talking raccoon dog?
Not Sanji: Huh?  Don't be ridiculous, there's no way a raccoon dog could talk.
Not Zoro: But...
Chopper: You got to the rendezvous point first, Zoro?  I'm impressed that you didn't get lost! Looks like Sanji and Robin got here too?
Not Zoro: See?
Not Sanji: Never seen anything like it before, that's for sure. I'm sure nothing good can come from it so let's just ignore it.
Chopper: Huh?!  Wait! Hey!  Wait, I said!
Dudey McMan: The target, Nico Robin, has Devil Fruit powers. If she resists, we'll be in trouble. Let's wait until she drops her guard, then get her!
Robin: I have to hurry.  They might all be here already.
Sanji: I really want to give Nami-san and Robin-chan a taste of my evolved cooking as soon as possible! But before that, I really should inspect the Sunny's kitchen. And then I'll go shopping for ingredients!
Robin: Was that Sanji?
Not Luffy: Come on, say something! I'm asking if you know who I am! Didn't you see how bad you made me look back there?! You disgraced me in front of that huge crowd! Me, the elite pirate with a 400 million beli bounty!  Did you hear that?! Kneel down before me right now, fear me, and then beg for your life!
Dudey McMan: Hurry up... Hurry up and apologize! Doesn't he value his own life?!
Not Luffy: Looks like he finally realized what a huge mistake he made.
Not Nami: And now he's so scared he can't talk?
Not Sogeking: Not too long ago, a long-nosed man and a long-haired woman ridiculed us. Our captain is in a rather foul mood at the moment. So you'd better apologize, and quickly. On your knees!
Not Franky: Otherwise, you're gonna throw away your entire life because of one brief moment of carelessness. Our captain is quick to pull the trigger.
Dudey McMan: Hurry up and get on your knees! That's Straw Hat Luffy you're up against! Do you want to die?!  Apologize already!
Luffy: I'm really sorry. But I'm in a hurry, so...
Dudey McMan: What is he doing?!
Not Luffy: Okay! I got it!
Dudey McMan: Hey... Did he do something just now?
Luffy: Hancock was right. Guess I'd better put it on after all.
Chopper: Hey, hey, Zoro, Sanji, Robin! We haven't seen each other in ages, so what's up with you? Zoro and Sanji, you sure became good friends during these two years, huh? But why won't you talk to me?
Not Zoro: Hey, he's still following us.
Chopper: Are you just embarrassed, you jerks?!
Not Zoro: That raccoon dog seems to know an awful lot about us Straw Hat Pirates, doesn't he?
Not Sanji: I've been wondering about that too. You don't think... Have a look at this...
Not Zoro: He couldn't be?!
Not Sanji: The real "Cotton-Candy Lover" Chopper, worth fifty beli!
Not Zoro: The crew's pet?
Chopper: You seem different than usual.  Well, that's alright with me.
Not Sanji: The crew must have abandoned him when they were still alive, and he has lived in the village ever since!
Not Zoro: So he's following us because he thinks his owners have come back? In that case, let's get rid of that fox and adopt the real pet! If our pet is the same as the one on the poster, that'll make our act more credible!
Not Robin: Adopt it?  What's it even eat?
Not Sanji: Cotton-candy, of course!
Not Robin: We don't have any of that stuff! We don't need you anymore, so just get lost! Shoo!  Shoo! Come here, Chopper... Have a cucumber.
Chopper: Scary!  Robin, that's scary!
Dudey McMan: Now!
Chopper: Robin!
Not Sanji: What?!  Hey, Nico Robin!
Not Zoro: W-Who were they?
Chopper: This is terrible!  They took Robin! They must be kidnappers!
Not Zoro: H-Hey, shouldn't we report this back to Captain Luffy?
Chopper: Huh?  You've already met Luffy?
Not Sanji: Yeah... The crew should be gathered by now, after all.
Chopper: I see.  Yeah, we have to save Robin as quickly as possible. Take me with you!
Dudey McMan: Sabaody Archipelago here.  We've captured Nico Robin! But there's a fox here too... it's biting her head... and won't let go!
Sanji: Franky sure seemed lively. The Sunny is in perfect shape. Which means I have to... Viva Sabaody! Oops!  That's not it, I have to make food! And for that, I need to stock up on the best ingredients I can find... Oh!  It's beautiful! I need ladies! And then I'll whip up some food so delicious, it'll make Nami-san and Robin-chan swoon. Still... This place doesn't appear to have what I need. What should I do?
Lady McWoman: Hmm... I guess you could try the store by the coastline of Grove 42.
Sanji: Right, thanks! Hey, old fisherman! You got any cheap fish for sale? Huh?  Not home? Hey, are you the owner of this place? What happened?
Fisherman: He's gone!  The guy with the green hair!
Sanji: Green hair?  Did something happen?
Fisherman: I can't believe this!  You see...
Zoro: Old man, I'd like to go fishing.
Fisherman: But you don't look like a fisherman.
Zoro: I came to this archipelago to meet up with some people. But I got here first, none of the others have arrived yet. Since I got here first, I have nothing to do. Do you have a fishing boat I can borrow?
Fisherman: Alright, I'll get that rowboat ready.  Just get onboard and wait for me. ...that's what I told him.
Sanji: A green-haired man with three swords... Did he have a waist-band too?
Fisherman: Yes, that's right!  And a big scar on his eye. You know him?
Sanji: A scar on his eye? It wasn't this guy?
Fisherman: That's right!  That's him alright! Is he a friend of yours?
Sanji: Uh, well, more like an acquaintance.
Fisherman: So anyway, I told him to get onboard the rowboat and wait. I'm sure that's what I said. But then, can you believe it?  Once I got here... Bro!  Not that one!  That's a pirate ship!
Seriously unfortunate guy: Men!  It is time to set sail for the New World, the place we've dreamed of! Yeah!
Fisherman: W-Wake up, Bro! That's the wrong ship! ...so, he's probably on his way to Fishman Island now.
Sanji: That idiot! I thought it was weird that he was the first one here, and now this?
Fisherman: That was a pirate ship, you know! He could already be dead!
Sanji: Oh no, don't worry about that.  This isn't your fault at all. Really, it's okay.  He won't die. I'm just glad I know where he's headed.  Anyway, got any fish for sale?
Fisherman: Fish?  You know...
Dudey McMan: Hey!  What is that?! Look at the water!  Something's surfacing! What is that? It's huge! It's a galleon! Did the water pressure crush it because it wasn't coated well enough? Did a Sea King destroy it? From those cuts, it looks like it was cut apart by a sword! Don't be ridiculous! Who could chop up such a huge ship?!
Seriously unfortunate guy: Damn you!  How dare you ruin our dream of going to the New World?!
Zoro: It was fate. You should blame your own destiny.  It brought a curse upon your ship.
Seriously unfortunate guy: Bullshit!
Dudey McMan: Look!  Someone's on top of the ship!
Sanji: What?  You came back?  Well, I'm okay with that too.
Zoro: I got on... the wrong ship.
Narrator: One by one, the Straw Hat Pirates arrive at the Sunny and they prepare to set sail. However, the Navy hears about the Straw Hats and dispatches troops to the Sabaody Archipelago. The enemies that attacked Luffy and the others two years ago set their sights on the crew once again!
