Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! Two years have passed since the great war at Marineford. Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates have all been training on their own, and now they return to the Sabaody Archipelago in order to move on to the next stage - The New World.
Robin: Have you heard anything about this? What do they mean by "Soul King"?
Franky: Oh, about Brook? It's possible... that he'll never come back and be a pirate.
Not Sanji: Hey, isn't that the kid with the cloak and huge backpack that the Captain was talking about?
Luffy: Huh?  You guys...
Marine: Grove 46 here. The place is crawling with rookies that have been accepted into the Straw Hat Crew! The captains I can identify are...
Brook: Thank you! Thank you, baby!
Dudey McMan: There it is!
Crowd: Leaning at 45 degrees!
Brook: Thank you! I sure worked up a real sweat.
Dudey McMan: Well done.
Brook: Oh yeah! Feels great. It cools my bones down.
Marine: Grove 46 here. The number of pirates will soon exceed one hundred! It'd be terrible if everybody here was united under Straw Hat Luffy- Hey!  What happened?!  Answer me! This is not good!  Tell the reinforcements to hurry!
Caribou: Hey, hey, hey... I was wondering who it was, and whaddayaknow, it's a marine! Hmmmmm? Whatever could this be? Perhaps... you were trying to call for reinforcements?
Pirate: What's going on? Are you from the Navy?
Marine: I-I haven't... I was about to, but...
Caribou: I don't want you to do that... Not at all! If you did, this entire plaza would be stained crimson... with the Navy's blood, that is! Ain't that right, Coribou?
Coribou: I'm sorry, Bro!  So sorry!
Caribou: I'm over here, you dumbass!
Coribou: I'm sorry!
Caribou: Wrong again! You slow dumbass!
Marine: The Marine-Killer, Caribou...
Caribou: Enough fooling around.
Pirate: He did it! He lives up to his reputation.
Caribou: Oh, God!  Please have mercy! This foolish marine who drew his weapon and attempted to kill me... Please have mercy upon him!
Coribou: I'm sorry, God!  So sorry!
Caribou: Bury 'im, Coribou! Take this sinful marine and bury 'im alive!
Coribou: Right! Digging!  Digging!
Marine: W-Wait... Burying me alive...
Coribou: I'm digging a lot!
Marine: I didn't call more troops!
Not Luffy: That's enough, Caribou! He's an insignificant marine.  Just leave him there.
Pirate: Here comes Captain Straw Hat Luffy!
Not Luffy: Men, take a look around! You may not know everyone here yet, but from this day forth you're all part of my crew! Part of the Straw Hat Crew! One day, when I become the Pirate King, you will be part of the Pirate King's Crew! All I ask in exchange, is that y'all support me in my adventures! Become my arms and legs and fight for me till you drop dead!
Pirate: It's like I'm dreaming! The World Government's three great facilities... Enies Lobby, Impel Down and Navy HQ. He took them all on, unlike any other pirate in history, and now I get to become part of his crew! He's definitely one of the candidates to be the next Pirate King! This is what they mean by betting on the winning horse!
Not Sanji: So many of them are here already.
Luffy: Is it over here? I'm looking forward to seeing the others!
Not Luffy: Shut it! You have been gathered here today for a reason. There are some insignificant lowlifes who recently disrespected me, your beloved boss! The culprits are still somewhere on this archipelago! I want you to find them and bring them before me!
Pirate: A simple task, Boss! We won't forgive those idiots!
Luffy: Still, you've really changed during these past two years. Did you guys become tight-lipped?
Not Sanji: This dude with the mustache actually knows the real Straw Hats! Who is he?
Not Zoro: I-I don't know, but quit talking or he might figure us out! As soon as we hand him over to the Captain, this'll all be over!
Not Sanji: Right.
Luffy: And were you always such good friends? Well, it has been two years. Your faces look different too. Are you wearing disguises as well? Hey, wait up!
Crowd: Encore!  Encore!
Brook: I see... So the Navy... Understood.
Dudey McMan: Please don't push!
Brook: I need a little more time. Yes... The fans are calling for an encore. They won't stop shouting, so I shall return to them. Sorry I kept ya waitin', everybody! Actually, there's somethin' I gotta tell ya all. Today, the Soul King will-
Marine: That's enough!  This concert is over!
Dudey McMan: The Navy?!  Why?!
Marine: The acting captain of the Rumbar Pirates, "Humming Brook"!  Wanted for 33 million beli! We suspect that you and this pirate are the same person! What's more, we've received information that you are currently one of Straw Hat Luffy's Crew! Soul King Brook!  Or rather, Brook the pirate! We will arrest you right here and now!
Dudey McMan: The Soul King is a criminal? He's a pirate?! But didn't they announce that Straw Hat Luffy was dead?!
Manager: It's all over for you, Brook.
Brook: Ah, I thought this might be your handiwork. Manager.
Manager: When you told me backstage that you're planning to retire, I was shocked. Now, just when your popularity has spread like wildfire and I was going to make a fortune off of you! You betrayed us!  Our company's doomed. Let's die together, Soul King!
Chopper: Awesome!
Usopp: Isn't it?! That body's amazing!
Chopper: You're a robot!  Can you shoot beams?  Missiles?! Can you fuse with anything?!
Franky: Indeed! Carrying the dreams and inspirations of men... He now begins to move! His name is... Armored Me!
Chopper: He's a robot!  A robot!
Usopp: Calm down, Chopper! You're gonna die of overexcitement! But Franky, how are you gonna do maintenance on the ship with those huge hands?
Franky: What ever do you mean?
Usopp: Hands came out!
Chopper: He's got hands stored inside his hands!
Usopp: This is so awesome!
Nami: Robin!
Robin: Nami! You look well.
Nami: What's up with that bizarre body?
Robin: Who knows?  I don't get it either.
Nami: Is this the coating?
Franky: Press my nose!
Usopp: Your nose?
Franky: Press and hold it!  For at least three seconds! Press it for more than three seconds, please.
Chopper: He repeated it like a robot!
Usopp: Excited... Excited...
Chopper: One... Two... Three!
Usopp: Hair came out!
Chopper: Hair! You can control your hair?!
Franky: I can indeed. Oh, if it ain't Nami!  Hey!
Nami: Sure, sure. What has he been doing for the past two years?
Chopper: Show me your weapons!  Your weapons!
Franky: Don't be ridiculous!  The main event can't start until Luffy gets here -mecha.
Chopper: He moved all robot-like!
Usopp: He added "mecha" to the end of his sentence!
Rayleigh: Everyone!
Nami: Rayleigh-san!  Shakki!
Rayleigh: I'm sorry to interrupt your reunion, but there's trouble on the island.
Marine: Pirate Brook! Drop your instrument and put both hands in the air!
Brook: Supporting band. Chorus.  Dancers. Please accompany me for one last song! It'll be alright!  My music has become more powerful!
Manager: You must be panicking. This is the end for you, Brook!
Brook: Manager, thank you for taking care of me these past two years. And thank you for bringing me to this island. This is an island of regret for us, filled with memories of defeat. It is also the island for our renewed departure! I am the musician.  Raising the crew's spirits during our adventure is my duty! Straw Hat Luffy, dead? Nonsense! Tell this to the world, y'all! The Pirate Straw Hat Luffy... is alive! He is the man who will become king of the seas someday!
Reporter: Main office!  Please respond! I have news!  Big news!
Brook: Let's send him off with a bit of noise, oh baby! Love 'im to the bone! I dedicate this song to my dear companions. Please listen to my final Soul! Yeah! Luffy-san, let's go to the New World!
Marine: You fool!  The concert is over!
Dudey McMan: Shut up, Navy! That's right!  We don't care who the Soul King is!
Brook: See?  Music is your ally. "New World"! Oh, yeah! Children!
New World - romaji: aru eiyuu no hanashi
New World - English: This is the tale of a hero.
New World - romaji: ou ni naru otoko no hanashi
New World - English: The tale of a man who will become king.
New World - romaji: itsumo senkyou wa mattanashi
New World - English: There are no second chances in battle,
New World - romaji: funbatte biisan ni hadashi
New World - English: yet he still stands firm, nothing but sandals on his feet!
New World - romaji: OH YEAH COME ON BABY OH YEAH yume oibito wa nayami
New World - English: Those who reach for their dreams must worry,
New World - romaji: tokidoki wa tarinai RIICHI
New World - English: at times their dreams seem much too far away.
New World - romaji: jibun to mukiau tsukihi sono saki ni susumu tame ni
New World - English: Only after you confront yourself will you truly succeed.
New World - romaji: sono te ni amarisou na ookisugiru yume
New World - English: He wants to hold a dream greater than any other,
New World - romaji: aitsu ga ireba kanau ki ga shita
New World - English: but I've got a feeling that he can reach it anyway.
New World - romaji: TODAY IS THE DAY machikutabireta ze
New World - English: We've waited long enough.
New World - romaji: kimijika na oretachi ni mou yoru wa iranai
New World - English: No more anticipation, we don't have to wait another night.
New World - romaji: TODAY IS THE DAY saikou no hi da ze
New World - English: It's the greatest day!
New World - romaji: tomatteta tokei ni keri irete yare
New World - English: Kick the broken clock!
New World - romaji: FOR THE NEW WORLD FOR THE NEW WORLD FOR THE NEW WORLD sekai wa kawaru
New World - English: The world will change!
Brook: Once again!
Marine: What?!
Manager: You idiots! He got away because of you! We finally had the perfect cash cow!
Nami: The Navy?!
Shakki: Yes. They thought the fake Monkey-chan and his group were the real deal... so they've mobilized a huge army. We intercepted the military transmissions, so there can be no doubt. I've told Brook-chan the situation too, via the Snail Phone in the concert hall. He should be coming here soon.
Franky: So he'll throw away his stardom to come with us? He sure has some backbone!
Rayleigh: Nami-chan, you're the navigator, right? I'll teach you how to operate the coated ship. Remember it well!
Nami: Right! I'll do my best!
Usopp: Huh, what's up?  Everyone suddenly got so tense. But Rayleigh! Luffy, the most important one, isn't here yet!
Rayleigh: It'll be alright.
Not Sanji: Captain!
Not Luffy: Call me "Boss", you idiot!
Not Sanji: We couldn't find their real pet, but is this the guy you were looking for?
Rayleigh: Luffy has already arrived at the archipelago.
Robin: I'm looking forward to seeing him.
Franky: I gave Sanji a Baby Snail Phone when he was here earlier. He's with Zoro right now.
Shakki: Really?  That's good. You have to hurry, the Navy is almost here. Monkey-chan is the only one we can't get in touch with, huh? Anyway, I'll give the Vivre Card to you. He'll be following this, I'm sure.
Rayleigh: Grove 42 should do since it's by the coast. Take the ship there and gather your crew. I'm sure you've all been busy, but now you've made it through these two years... and it's time to set sail again!
Narrator: Luffy is the only one still missing. The crew waits onboard the Sunny for their captain's return. But Luffy gets caught in a battle against the Navy, who have come to capture the Fake Straw Hats. The new powers that Luffy has been training for two years are revealed!
