Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Two years have passed since the great war at Marineford. Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates have all been training on their own, and now they return to the Sabaody Archipelago in order to move on to the next stage - The New World.
Rayleigh: Keep going all the way to the top!
Luffy: You guys! There are loads of things I've wanted to talk to you about... But for now, I'll just say thank you for going along with my selfishness for the past two years! Set sail!
Coribou: Bro, it's difficult to dig here!
Caribou: Of course it is. These islands are mostly just tree roots.
Not Zoro: Please forgive us!  Don't bury us!
Not Sanji: We'll do whatever you want, just don't kill us!
Not Franky: The captain forced us into it!  That damn Black!
Caribou: As soon as we'd joined the crew... we planned on taking out... every last one... of the infamous Straw Hat Pirates!
Not Zoro: Drip!
Not Franky: Hey, please stop it!  He'll die! You've got Devil Fruit powers?!
Not Sogeking: Stop, dammit! I did it!  Serves you right... What's with him?!  Is he a Logi-
Caribou: Can you believe it? I assumed that your faces and physiques had changed, it'd been two years after all. But the pirate, Straw Hat... was just a nobody! A filthy impostor! Do you think God will forgive this, Coribou?!
Coribou: Dig!  Dig!
Caribou: Indeed, my friends!  Let's bury 'em all! Oh, God! I will bury these imbeciles!
Not Nami: Stop!  I'm begging you, don't kill me!
Caribou: However, I've seen the real Straw Hat Luffy with my own eyes.
Sentoumaru: I'm telling you, there was nothing we could do. We were up against the Dark King Rayleigh. He could fight off uncle Kizaru. What could we have done against him? The only ones that escaped from the plaza were the Caribou brothers with their crew... and a few members of the fake Straw Hat Pirates. We captured everyone else, but the real Straw Hat Pirates dealt heavy damage to the two Pacifista that I brought. They are the same prototypes that cornered them two years ago. Of course, the Pacifistas' strength can't have changed. The change must have been in those guys! During their two-year absence, they've grown incredibly. Send word to Navy HQ in the New World. The Straw Hat Pirates have completely recovered.
Shakki: They're gone in the blink of an eye. Monkey-chan and the rest sure have become tough.
Rayleigh: You were watching?
Shakki: Of course.  I am a fan, after all. Are you remembering something, Ray-san?
Rayleigh: Oh, yeah... I guess.
Roger: Hey!  That's a nice ship!
Rayleigh: It's a stolen ship. My house burned down, so I'm living here.
Roger: I see.  What's your name?
Rayleigh: It's Rayleigh.
Roger: I'm Roger!  Our meeting here is destiny, Rayleigh!
Rayleigh: Destiny?
Roger: Wanna come with me and turn the world on its head?
Rayleigh: The world? Who do you think you are? Get lost.
Roger: This ship is small... but once you learn how to handle it correctly, I'm sure it could survive almost any storm. It's a perfect ship for our voyage, don't you think?!
Rayleigh: "Our voyage"?  Don't go deciding that on your own! Why should I join you?
Roger: Like I said, we'll take the world by storm! So come on!  Let's set sail, Rayleigh!
Rayleigh: Maybe there are no coincidences in this world. It's possible that everything happens for a reason. Fate works in mysterious ways. Whatever the case, Luffy has become a man worthy to wear that hat. I suppose it might not be too bad, living a little longer.
Robin: The surface is already so far away.
Franky: What a sight!  We don't get a view this wide in the submarine.
Chopper: We're sinking faster and faster! Is the water really not gonna come in?  I'm worried!
Nami: It feels like we're drifting away from the human world!  I'm tense.
Usopp: A-Are we gonna be able to return to the surface? N-Not that I'm scared or anything!
Luffy: The ocean sure is beautiful!
Brook: Look at this side!
Luffy: Trees!  No, roots!
Sanji: Yeah... Now that I think about it, the Sabaody Archipelago is one giant mangrove, after all.
Brook: The splendor of nature! It feels like my eyeballs will pop out with surprise! Though I do not have eyeballs.
Zoro: I've already seen it.
Sanji: Yeah, 'cause you got on the wrong ship! Shut up!  Let us be in awe here!
Robin: I can hardly believe that the roots stretch all the way to the ocean floor. They're so big, I'm speechless.
Chopper: I give up.
Usopp: Hey, Chopper... There's something behind those trees!
Chopper: It's humongous!
Luffy: I'm so excited!  An adventure beneath the sea! It's like a dream! Oh, fish! I think I can catch them!
Zoro: There are some tasty looking fish over here too.
Usopp: Cut it out, you two!
Chopper: What if the soap bubble breaks?! I'm gonna kill you if you do that again!
Sanji: Nami-san, before these two do something else stupid, could you tell us how this coating works?
Nami: I guess so, Sanji-kun. Rayleigh-san gave me some notes, after all. So, let me explain it to you all.
Sanji: She moved!  A real life beauty!
Them: Sanji!
Chopper: It's breaking!  Breaking!  Breaking!
Usopp: Just how far can you be propelled by a nosebleed?!
Them: What?! Sanji got thrown into the sea!
Robin: How strange. Even though the soap bubble holds against the tremendous pressure of the sea... it's still possible to pierce through it in an instant like that.
Luffy: Sanji! Come back! The ocean!  My strength is fading...
Usopp & Chopper: Hang in there!
Usopp: What happened to you, Sanji?! It's like you've developed a crippling weakness to women!
Chopper: It's not like you!
Brook: How sad. What could have happened these last two years, to turn the lady-loving Sanji-san into this? At this rate, once he meets the mermaids he was longing to see, he might die from blood loss. The future looks grim.
Chopper: We'll have to get a blood transfusion for him on Fishman Island. I wonder if fishmen and mermen have the same blood types as humans.
Robin: So basically, like we just saw, the soap-bubble surrounding this ship has the same properties as the ones on the Sabaody Archipelago?
Usopp: Don't just calmly continue your analysis of soap-bubbles!
Nami: It's just like Robin says. Fundamentally, they're the same. They'll stretch to a certain extent, and after that, you'll pierce through them. In a worst-case scenario, if we're attacked by sea monsters, we can fire a cannonball at them. The bubble won't break!
Usopp: Then what would it take for it to break?
Nami: As you'd expect, it won't hold if a large number of holes are opened at once.
Usopp: For example, if a sea monster or Sea King bites the ship, we're done for.
Usopp and Chopper: Look out, behind us! A fight... We're saved.
Nami: If we crash into rocks or a trench and the ship itself takes damage, then fractures in the mast or hull could cause the bubble to break. So we have to avoid that too. Basically, we have to look out for sea creatures and other obstacles. As long as we don't do anything stupid in here, there's nothing to worry about.
Usopp: I see!  It's stronger than I expected!
Nami: However, of all the ships that set off for Fishman Island... seventy percent are destroyed.  Be careful.
Usopp & Chopper: What's gonna happen to us?!
Luffy: If I use my Gatling on them, I'm sure I can catch all of those fish!
Zoro: Then how about we compete to see who can catch the most?
Usopp: Weren't you listening to what Nami said?! We can't open a bunch of holes!
Chopper: I'm gonna beat the crap out of you two! Never do that again!
Usopp: Dammit! Hachi said he'd lead us to Fishman Island, so I didn't think it'd be this dangerous!
Luffy: Oh, right! I've got tons of lunch boxes. And since Sanji's knocked out right now... Everyone!  Let's have some food!
Chopper: Yay!  My stomach's rumbling!
Brook: My bones are rumbling as well!
Franky: Nami, will the ship be safe? Shouldn't we be on guard?
Nami: Well, right now we're just riding a large ocean current, so... It's fine.  I'd reckon we'll continue on like this for a while. Things won't get busy until later.
Franky: In that case, I've got enough time. See, there's something I need to tell all of you. See, there's something I need to tell all of you.
Luffy: By any chance, do you mean...
They: Your hidden robotic functions?!
Luffy: Do you still have more hidden secrets?
Usopp: Are you gonna do a fusion?  Or do you have a secret weapon hidden inside you?
Chopper: Tell us, Robo-Bro!
Franky: Super Armored Me! No, sorry, but... I am afraid that is incorrect, robo.
They: Whoa, awesome!  Robot-language!
Franky: What I want to tell you is much more important. Well, I can tell you while you're eating. The truth is, Hachi had planned to come and guide us across the ocean floor. But I heard he suffered major injuries on Sabaody, and now he's recovering on Fishman Island. His reason is the same as Duval's. He fought to protect the Thousand Sunny, which had been left behind on the island. About a year ago, the Navy found out where the Sunny was docked. In the fierce battle that followed, both of them were forced to retire.
Usopp: Huh?  Then how'd the ship last until now?
Franky: Because there was one more warrior.
Nami: One more warrior?
Franky: The very same man who scattered us two years ago, in fact. A member of the Seven Warlords of the Sea, and a great man, Bartholomew Kuma. A few days ago, when I arrived at the Sunny, I couldn't believe my eyes.
Kuma: I was waiting for you.
Franky: Damn you!  What are you doing here?!
Kuma: Mission complete.
Franky: The Sunny didn't have a single scratch on her. And when I spoke to Rayleigh afterward...
Kuma: I am an officer in the Revolutionary Army. Because of this, I wish to let this crew escape.
Franky: I'm guessing you figured it out too. He saved our lives back then. And after we vanished from the island, Kuma-san visited Rayleigh and said...
Kuma: The time I have left... is running out.
Franky: I don't know what they were holding over him, but he allowed the Navy to experiment on his body, and they slowly turned him into a cyborg. Shortly before the great war, he agreed to undergo a modification that would remove his personality completely.
Chopper: But there's no way he could've known what we'd do after we were scattered! And yet he waited for us by the ship?  Even though he'd lost his personality?!
Franky: It seems that while he was with the surgeon, Doctor Vegapunk, he got a promise that a certain mission would be programmed into him. Guard the ship until a member of the Straw Hat Pirates returns. So, for two years he's been waiting for us. Despite being a human weapon without memories, he's been obeying the orders from his past self.
Zoro: His methods are completely messed up. Why would he go that far for us?
Usopp: He's with the Revolutionary Army. The only explanation I can think of is that Luffy's dad is their boss.
Luffy: I don't really know much about my dad. But I guess that bear-like guy was a good guy after all.
Robin: Kuma.
Franky: Well, the fact remains that... he was the one who allowed us to survive these two years and make them worthwhile. Though by now, there's no way for us to ask him why he did what he did. Just keep this fact stored in your hearts... This crew is indebted to Bartholomew Kuma. But even if we meet him again, Kuma has become nothing more than a heartless human weapon. That is all.
Zoro: I'm grateful to him, but this raises a lot of questions. I hope we'll be able to find out Kuma's true intentions one day.
Sanji: We're in his debt?
Chopper: Oh, Sanji, you're awake?
Luffy: Have a lunch box!  It's from the Island of Women!
Sanji: The Island of Women... Why should I be grateful to Kuma? Do you have any idea where I've been for two years?! What kind of training did you do on that all-women island of dreams, Luffy?!
Brook: Now, now, now, Sanji-san.  I don't know what kind of hardships you have been through... but, for now, let us enjoy our voyage. Shall we sing together?
Sanji: Don't try to comfort me! You're making me feel pathetic!
Coribou: Bro!  There they are! Ahead!  The Straw Hats!
Caribou: I can see that, you dummy. This time I'll get to board that ship, won't I?
Luffy: I wonder how far we've sunk?
Usopp: There isn't much light this far down.
Franky: We already passed through the sunlight level and now we're nearing the end of the twilight level. We must be more than a thousand meters down by now.
Robin: It's so quiet. This feels completely different to the submarine. It's almost like we're flying through the sky.
Nami: The sky, huh? I've got to live through this so I can put the things I learned during my two years on Weatheria to the test.
Chopper: A whale!  It's a whale!
Brook: Laboon?  Laboon!
Luffy: No, that's old man Whitebeard!
Usopp: Hey, is this really the time to relax and watch the whales? There's a seventy percent chance we'll be shipwrecked, you know!  Seventy percent! I can't just stay still. I can't believe that the chances of reaching Fishman Island are less than half. For the time being, I can't see any dangerous sea monsters, Sea Kings or obstacles... I see something at six o'clock! A sea monster?  No...
Caribou: Are you ready, you guys?
Coribou: Yeah, Bro!
Pirates: Aye!  Aye!
Caribou: Our goal is right before our eyes! We could destroy their ship, and send the wreckage straight to the ocean floor. But that's no good. If we did that, no one would know who did it. We'll take their heads and bring them back to the surface. That's how we'll sing out to the world, "Caribou is here!"
Pirates: Aye!
Caribou: They'll be completely unprepared for a fight! This is a perfect sneak attack! Don't mess this up, you guys!
Pirates: Aye!
Coribou: Aye!  Aye!
Usopp: Hey, you guys! A shadow that looks like a ship is approaching from behind!
Sanji & Zoro: What?!
Luffy: A ship?!
Usopp: It's headed straight for us!
Caribou: Charge!
Chopper: It's a pirate ship!
Usopp: They're ramming our ship! Get away!  The bubble will break!
Nami: No way!  They're trying to break into our soap bubble!
Luffy: Who are they?!
Narrator: As Luffy and the others descend into the deep sea, an enormous beast, the Kraken, blocks their path!
