Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Two years have passed since the great war at Marineford. Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates have all been training on their own, and now they return to the Sabaody Archipelago in order to move on to the next stage - The New World.
Luffy: Let's go to Fishman Island!
Usopp: I see something at six o'clock! A sea monster?  No...
Caribou: Are you ready, you guys?
Coribou: Yeah, Bro!
Pirates: Aye!  Aye!
Caribou: Our goal is right before our eyes!
Usopp: Hey, you guys! A shadow that looks like a ship is approaching from behind!
Caribou: Charge!
Chopper: It's a pirate ship!
Usopp: Let's get out of here!
Franky: Turn the rudder!
Coribou: Get them, sea cow!
Brook: They're chasing after us!
Nami: That roar...
Zoro: They sure are persistent!
Luffy: What's with these guys?!
Chopper: Stop it!
Usopp: The soap bubble will break!
Caribou: Good job, sea cow!
Pirates: Aye!
Brook: Are they planning to board our ship?!
Nami: Sea cow? Wait!  Isn't that...
Coribou: The bubbles have connected. Bro!  Now's our chance!
Caribou: Alright!  Shall we get going?!
Pirates: Aye!
Nami: Hey, Mohmoo! You're Mohmoo from Arlong's crew, aren't you? Do you recognize me?  I'm Nami! I was at Arlong Park!
Sanji: Hey, Luffy!  Haven't we seen this guy before?
Luffy: Really?
Sanji: Die!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no Pistol
Caribou: Let's board their ship, men!
Pirates: Aye!
Luffy: He pierced straight through the soap bubble!
Chopper: Someone's coming through!
Franky: Guess we have to fight.
Caribou: Are you ready, men?!
Pirates: Aye!
Caribou: While these guys... stand there... dumbfounded... every last one of 'em... will be slaughtered! Let's go!
Pirates: Aye!
Caribou: Men!  Follow me!
Pirates: Whaaaaaat?! What's wrong, sea cow?! Why are you doing this, sea cow?! How can this be?! Captain Caribou was left behind!
Coribou: Bro?!
Caribou: Now... How about we give them a little greeting? Fire the Gatling gun at 'em! Kill every last member... of the Straw Hat Crew! Don't! Please, don't throw me into the ocean! That's all I ask!  Please! Anything but that! You mustn't take another's life so casually! God! God is watching! Right?!
Franky: Don't get cheeky with me!  Who was just talking about slaughter and Gatling guns?!
Caribou: Uh, that was... just a figure of speech.  I didn't actually mean it, see!
Sanji: "Figure of speech"?  Yeah right!
Zoro: Who are you? You're the captain of that pirate ship, aren't you?
Caribou: Hm?!  Roronoa Zoro! Oh, you're mistaken!  I'm not the captain! I was, uh... I was just being used as their slave! Damn, I'm sick of being on that ship!
Usopp: That's one hell of an excuse...
Caribou: Oh, yeah!  Please! Can you let me stay on your ship for a little while? Please!  I'm begging you!
Chopper: You know, I kinda feel sorry for him.
Usopp: Oh, come on!  He's obviously lying!
Chopper: What?!  It was all a lie?!
Nami: Hey, can I ask you something? What was with the sea cow that was pulling the ship?
Caribou: Oh... What have we here?  Quite a cutie. You're the Cat Burglar, aren't you?
Sanji: Don't you dare look at our gorgeous navigator with those vulgar eyes! Nami-san, it's gonna be fine... now...
Usopp: That's getting really annoying!
Caribou: It's just a sea monster that we caught in these waters. Using creatures like that to pull your ship is how professionals travel underwater.
Luffy: Huh?! So that's how it is!
Pirates: Stop!  Stop, sea cow! What happened, sea cow?!
Coribou: Bro!  I'm gonna save you!
Luffy: I wonder if there are any sea monsters around?
Nami: Wait a second, Luffy.  What are you planning?
Luffy: Oh, just a turtle?  That's way too small.
Nami: Sheesh.
Chopper: We'll start rehabilitating you with photos since they don't have as much of an impact.
Usopp: Hey, Nami. Are we going in a different direction from the one the Log Pose is pointing in?
Nami: Yes, but don't worry. We should move southwest of the compass needle.
Luffy: But going directly toward the island would be faster! Why?
Nami: Apparently, if you follow the needle directly, you'll get caught up in the ocean currents, and crash into an underwater mountain or volcano before reaching your destination.
Chopper: What?!  A volcano?!  The ocean floor is scary!
Usopp: But I thought that all the currents of the Grand Line are completely out of whack. Is there really a current that isn't going to cause us problems?
Nami: Yeah, just one.
Zoro: And that's that.  Now stay still.
Nami: Everyone!  It's gonna get cold soon.  You'd better put on a coat.
Brook: True, my skin is starting to get goosebumps. Ah!  Though I-
Chopper: You're all bones, so you don't have skin, right?
Brook: Chopper-san... You shouldn't do that. Please don't steal my catchphrase.
Zoro: We're going somewhere cold? Aren't we headed for the ocean floor?
Franky: Of course the water at the ocean floor is cold. Even in a bath, the water's warmer at the top and colder on the bottom, right?
Luffy: Really?  I don't like bathing.
Usopp: Oh, right.  So if it's the same for the sea, the water down deep is colder than surface water.
Brook: Temperature isn't the only thing that's different...
Usopp: Will you get over it already?!
Brook: In the deeper parts of the ocean, there are giant currents known as "deep currents" that you usually can't see. They are completely different from the surface currents we've been riding so far.
Usopp: There are currents beneath the currents? You sure are knowledgeable!
Brook: Only because I have lived for so long!
Franky: The currents all have to connect somewhere. They flow from the east or the west and then meet up... Plunging downward and surging back up. It's almost like an enormous dragon.
Brook: Apparently the deep currents flow very slowly. They say that once water goes down to the ocean floor, it can take two thousand years before it returns to a level that sees the sun.
Trio: Two thousand years?!
Brook: Indeed.  Furthermore, there are countless legends... about those dark, unknown sea currents. Monsters, curses, and souls of the damned!
Chopper: Whaaaaat?!  There are ghosts in the deep seas?!
Brook: Huh?!  There are?!  Scary!
Luffy: How exciting!
Nami: Ghosts, huh? I don't know about all that... but we're gonna use the downflow to dive from the surface currents to the deep currents. By doing that, we'll be able to reach the ocean floor.
Luffy: Deep...
Zoro: Surface...
Usopp: Downflow...
Chopper: Dive...
Brook: Jack-a-Jang!
Four: So it's a mysterious sea current.
Nami: You didn't understand any of that, did you?!
Brook: Shall we sing a song, Nami-san?
Nami: Shut it!
Chopper: What's that sound?
Robin: So that's it? Nami, I see it!
Nami: Really?
Luffy: The mysterious sea current?! Where?!  Where is it?!
Franky: This is amazing!
Sanji: What's that?
Zoro: So this is the current that runs all the way to the depths.
Nami: The downflow, Plume!
Luffy: Awesome!
Usopp: This is almost like... an enormous underwater waterfall!
Luffy: That's so cool! The water keeps falling all the way to the bottom! It's unbelievably fast!
Franky: Very impressive, nature!
Robin: What a massive current! I wonder how many hundred meters across it is?
Brook: Seeing it for yourself is completely different from hearing stories about it!
Usopp: I can't see the bottom!  It's pitch black down there! It's all over! If we fall at that speed, we'll crash into the ocean floor.  We'll die!
Nami: Are you sure we'll be fine, riding this current?
Franky: Don't worry about the ship. The Sunny was crafted from the Treasure Tree, Adam. It's the strongest ship there is.
Luffy: Alright! Forward!
Caribou: It can't be! I hadn't heard that that thing was living down here! The demon that races through the seas. The enemy of all humanity! Straw Hat Crew!  Turn around immediately! We're doomed!
Zoro: Oh yeah, you're here too.
Caribou: There's a monster down there!
Chopper: Whaaat?!
Usopp: What are you talking about?  Why would there be? All those legends aren't real, you know.
Chopper: I-It's real.
Usopp: You too?  Cut it out!
Nami: B-Behind you.
Usopp: What are you talking... B- Behind me?
Chopper: Yeah.
Usopp: Behind me... It's the Kraken! The incomprehensibly gigantic monster octopus!
Franky: It's crushing several ships at once. It has been preying on the ships that pass through here.
Caribou: Please!  I don't wanna die! Turn around!  If we just wait for a few days, I'm sure that monster will-
Luffy: Shut up!  Be quiet! I just had a great idea! Let's tame him!
Straw Hats: Huh?
Usopp: What are you talking about, Luffy?!
Luffy: We'll tame that octopus and make him pull our ship!
Usopp: Don't be ridiculous! Look closely, or even if you don't look closely, can't you see how huge that thing is?!
Luffy: Man, it sure is big...
Chopper: We're done for!
Usopp: I don't know how many centuries it's been alive, but the Kraken appears in countless legends. It's a mythical beast!
Brook: A creature with no bones... A skeleton with no flesh... It appears to be my polar opposite.
Usopp: No one cares!
Franky: You're pretty good.
Robin: Well, you don't see something like this every day.
Chopper: You're just calmly sketching it?!
Zoro: That sounds fine by me, but do you have a plan, Luffy?
Luffy: The problem's that we're underwater.
Usopp: No... No... No... The problem is how big it is. Even if we were on the surface, it'd still be just as dangerous.
Caribou: What's wrong with these people?! In a situation like this, it's only natural that everyone would work together to escape!
Nami: Turn the rudder!  Set a course due south!
Luffy: Hey, Nami!  Head straight for the octopus!
Nami: Don't be ridiculous!  That octopus is-
Sanji: Now, now, Nami-san. I'm here... I'm here... for you.
Usopp: He withstood it!  Great job!
Chopper: It's because of his rehabilitation, and because Nami's wearing a coat!
Caribou: This ship is dangerous!  I have to save myself!
Franky: Something's approaching from behind.
Coribou: Bro!
Usopp: That's the ship from before!
Caribou: Coribou!  You guys!
Coribou: We're gonna save ya, Bro!
Pirates: Aye!
Caribou: You came back to save me?! No!
Chopper: The soap bubble coating broke!
Usopp: And that ship was even bigger than the Sunny!
Caribou: You guys...
Zoro: They look like jellyfish.
Caribou: Shut your trap, Roronoa!  Have some sympathy!
Usopp: It's heading straight for us!
Chopper: It's way too big!
Nami: How are we supposed to fight this thing?!
Luffy: Gear Thir-
Usopp: Stop it! If you perform any big attacks, the soap bubble will break!
Nami: We have to do something!  Can't we run away?!
Luffy: Don't do anything!  I'm gonna fight him!
Chopper: Don't do it!  You'll break the soap bubble!
Caribou: Listen to me!  If you want to fight that badly, I've got an idea.
Luffy: What is it?  Tell me!
Caribou: Right, that's good. This is the instant Flutter Kick Coating! An instant diving suit! As long as you've got this on, you can freely fight while in the ocean! If I just left these imbeciles to their own devices, I'd suffer with them.
Usopp: What'd you do that for, outsider?! We should be running away! Now we'll end up fighting, won't we?!
Caribou: I've been saying we should run from the start but that stupid captain of yours doesn't listen, does he? Would you rather he went wild while he was still on the ship?!
Usopp: Alright, get going!  As far from the ship as you can!
Luffy: This rope's in the way.
Nami: If you're gonna fight him, then get away from the ship!
Luffy: Sure. Right, let's go!
Zoro & Sanji: Yeah!
Nami: Wait! You need to keep the lifelines attached! Otherwise we'll get separated!
Sanji: Nami-san is worried about me!
Luffy: You guys!  Buy me some time, will you? I'm gonna take him out with one powerful blow.
Zoro: I'll just take care of him while you're getting ready.
Luffy: You'd kill him, so no! I'm gonna keep that octopus!
Chopper: Will they be alright?
Usopp: Anyway, get farther away! Every millimeter coun- It's still coming for us!
Franky: Out of the way, you guys!
Usopp: You got him!
Chopper: It's so powerful!
Usopp: Here comes another arm!
Chopper: Why is it only attacking us?!
Nami: We can't dodge it in time!
Zoro: That was a direct hit!
Chopper: Are you alright?!
Usopp: Y-You stopped it!
Franky: Well done!
Nami: That was amazing, Chopper!
Brook: Now we're gonna crash into an underwater mountain!
Chopper: Enormous hands!
Trio: Alright!
Usopp: Great job, Robin!  You saved us!
Robin: What a relief... Even though we're underwater, I was still able to pull it off for a moment.
Luffy: They're good! Right, now it's my turn! My new technique...
Narrator: In their battle against the Kraken, demon of the seas, Luffy, Zoro and Sanji use the new techniques they learned during their two years of training. But they get caught in the fierce downflow during the battle... and the crew is separated in the deep seas!
