Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Two years have passed since the great war at Marineford. Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates have all been training on their own. And now, in order to proceed to their next stage, The New World, they are headed for Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea.
Wadatsumi: Hey!  Angler!  You can't do that! No eating ships!
Nami: D-Did he just save us?
Usopp: L-Let's get out of here!  Who cares what happened? Both of them are monsters! What is that?!
Vander Decken: Dead men tell no tales and know no greed.
Brook: Is that...
Vander Decken: In this country so black that even crows don't fly,
Brook: ...me?
Vander Decken: the dead need no jewels upon their fingers. They can't even see their own regrets in the darkness. Search for it!  Search for it! All sunken treasure belongs to me! I am the world's richest man, Captain Vander Decken!
Usopp: It can't be...
Nami: Even at the bottom of the sea?!
Brook: Nooooooooooo! It's a ghost ship!
Usopp: Why are you getting scared?!
Brook: I spun around!  For no reason.
Usopp: There it is!
Straw Hats: A ghost ship!
Usopp: Back then, we really thought you were a ghost!
Brook: T-That is a real one!  Look at the sail! That is the legendary Flying Dutchman! It's a ship that shouldn't exist in this world! There is a tale from many centuries ago. One day, during a storm, the captain of a ship suddenly went insane. He started throwing his crewmates into the stormy sea, killing them one after another. He even spat in the face of God! The name of that captain was Vander Decken! And the name of the ship was The Flying Dutchman! He incurred the wrath of God, and now he's cursed to drift through the seas, tortured for all eternity! The ship we see before us is the very same cursed ship of Captain Vander Decken!
Franky: Don't panic!  It turned out that Brook's ship wasn't a ghost ship either, you know. The only one on that ship was this funny skeleton!
Brook: Franky-san, you are too harsh! And standing at thirty degrees is also harsh!
Nami: Yeah, I guess you're right. Ghost ships don't actually exist, do they?
Robin: The Kraken was thought to be a mythical monster, yet that turned out to be real. I wouldn't be too surprised if we ran into a real ghost ship.
Nami: So that really is...
Usopp: a real ghost ship?!
Chopper: I'm scared!
Franky: Robin!  This isn't the time to scare them for your own amusement!
Pirate: Captain Vander Decken!  Wadatsumi and Angler seem to have captured a pirate ship!
Vander Decken: Such foolish humans.  Still, that's a pretty good ship. I'm sure it's full of treasure!
Usopp: Luffy, Zoro, Sanji!
Chopper: Hurry and come back!
Franky: Will you two shut up?!  We've got no choice but to make it out of this on our own. That way Luffy and the others can get back to us safely!
Nami: The water temperature has been rapidly increasing for a while now. Perhaps...
Vander Decken: Angler!  Wadatsumi!  If you eat the ship, I won't be able to take their treasure! Smash it!
Wadatsumi: Gotcha!
Usopp: Wah! The Umibouzu...
Chopper: So it's an enemy after all!
Nami: Franky!  Use the Coup de Burst!
Franky: I can't!  We're all out of fuel! We have to refill the cola in the energy room!
Nami: We don't have time for that!
Usopp: Nooo!
Chopper: We're gonna be killed! The Kraken?!
Vander Decken: The beast of the North Pole, the Kraken.
Wadatsumi: Ya bastard!
Luffy: Hey, that's enough! Cut it out! You did great! Heeeey!
Usopp: Luffy!  Zoro, Sanji!
Chopper: I'm so glad you're alive!
Nami: Where have you guys been?
Sanji: Nami-swan!  Robin-chwan!
Luffy: We've been looking for you guys!
Zoro: They sure caused us a lot of trouble... Getting separated from us...
Chopper: Sanji's in trouble!  He's had a relapse! I have to rehabilitate him with something that has less of an impact!
Vander Decken: Hey!  Wake up, Wadatsumi! Time for a rematch!  Get them!
Luffy: Me and Sanji's bubbles burst, so we got into Zoro's. We almost died!
Nami: Don't make us worry so much!
Brook: I shall sing a song to celebrate our reunion!
Luffy: Finally some space!  Being at home really is the best!
Chopper: Luffy!  I was so worried!
Franky: I'm impressed by your vitality!
Nami: Unbelievable!  You actually tamed it?! That monstrous octopus?!
Robin: So now you're going to use the Kraken...
Luffy: That's right!  I'm using him to travel like a pro! Isn't that right, Surume?
Usopp: Why'd you give him a squid name?!
Brook: Surume... The Kraken is an octopus yet he named him Surume, oh yeah!
Luffy: Right!  Now pull the Sunny, Surume!
Usopp: He isn't exactly "pulling" the ship though. I just hope he's careful that he doesn't crush us.
Pirate: Captain, the pirate ship!
Vander Decken: They're not getting away!  We're going after them!
Pirates: Yeah!
Luffy: What's going on?
Wadatsumi: Huh?!
Pirate: This is bad, Captain Vander Decken!
Nami: Not good!  The underwater volcanoes... are erupting!
Straw Hats: What?!
Franky: We're way too close!
Vander Decken: Men! For now, we shall retreat!
Pirates: Yeah! Roger that, Captain Vander Decken! Angler!  Wadatsumi!  Pull the ship!
Wadatsumi: G-Gotcha!
Vander Decken: I am the world's richest man, Captain Vander Decken!
Pirates: Yeah!
Nami: This is terrible! Luffy, tell the Kraken to get us away from here as fast as possible!
Luffy: Sure! Hey, Surume!
Usopp: Wait!  That's not necessary! He's already running for his life! I never thought I'd see a legendary beast reduced to this!
Nami: That's a big help!  You're not so bad after all!
Robin: What a horrible way to run.
Franky: Don't say that! That just shows how terrifying these eruptions are!
Brook: Yes, indeed!
Zoro: So, what's that guy doing?
Sanji: Wow!  Yes!  Come on!
Chopper: It's rehabilitation!
Luffy: I'd really like to see an eruption!
Usopp: Run to the front of the ship!
Chopper: Yeah!
Nami: That won't help! A few meters doesn't change anything! The magma is flowing along the ocean floor! The water temperature is rising!
Usopp: It's like we're in a cooking pot! It's gonna start boiling!
Brook: The ghost ship and the Umibouzu!
Nami: Run, Surume!
Chopper: Hang in there!
Usopp: You're too slow, Surume! You're gonna be turned into boiled octopus!
Luffy: Boiled octopus? That sounds great!  I wanna eat some!
Nami: The currents have started swirling because of the temperature difference!
Sanji: Nami-san. Which way is Fishman Isl-
Chopper: You're still having indecent thoughts, even now?! Focus on your rehabilitation!
Nami: We have to keep moving straight forward! Just a little further! Into that ocean trench!
Usopp: Down there?!
Chopper & Usopp: No!
Usopp: A vertical drop!  Are you serious?!
Chopper: It's even darker than darkness!
Usopp: Is Fishman Island really down there?!
Chopper: It's so hot behind us!  Too hot!
Usopp: It's pitch black ahead of us!  Scary! It's obvious that there are even more monsters down there! We'll never make it out alive! Luffy!  That darkness drops straight to hell, it's like a bottomless pot! A kettle!  A tea pot!
Luffy: Leap in! Surume!
Usopp: Another eruption!
Franky: What's that?! Something's coming at us from above!
Robin: Boulders?!
Brook: A landslide?!
Nami: It's a rockfall!  Look out!
Chopper: It's collapsing because of the eruption just now!
Usopp: If even one of those giant rocks hit the Sunny, it'll be smashed to pieces!
Nami: Dodge them, Surume!
Zoro: I'll leave the bubble and cut them down! Luffy, hold on tight to me!
Luffy: Sure, leave it to me!
Robin: Zoro, no!
Zoro: Hey, let me go!
Luffy: Why are you stopping him, Robin?!
Robin: We're eight thousand meters below the surface! If you leave the bubble, you'll be crushed by the water pressure!
Zoro: Then what can we do?!
Nami: If only we had a little more time to get away from the cliff...
Usopp: Leave that to me!
Chopper: Seaweed popped out!
Nami: The rockfall...
Franky: stopped!
Chopper: That's amazing, Usopp!
Luffy: Awesome!
Usopp: That'll slow it down for a few seconds. Get away from here while you have the chance, Surume!
Chopper: We're safe!
Luffy: Usopp, that was amazing!
Brook: Indeed, very quick thinking!
Usopp: It was easy!
Chopper: You saved us!
Usopp: It isn't like I spent the last two years just playing around! I'll tell you my tale! Hearing it will bring you to tears!  Telling it brings me to tears! It's the tale of my sweat and tears as I endured  a rigorous dieting routine with Heracles'n-sensei...
Nami: Another time.
Usopp: What do you mean, "Another time"?!
Brook: Nami-san, you're so harsh.
Luffy: Surume!  You did great!
Chopper: I'm so relieved!
Nami: Thank you, Surume!
Straw Hats: Surume!  Surume!
Usopp: W-We're safe.
Robin: Light?  Even though we're this far below the surface?
Brook: It's so bright!  My eyes are blinded... Though I have no eyes that can be blinded.
Luffy: Hey, you guys!  Come and look at this! Up there!  Above us!
Usopp: It's too bright.  I can't see it very well.
Luffy: Hey, Nami!  Is that it?
Nami: Yes, there's no doubt about it. The compass is pointing towards that island! That's...
Luffy: Fishman Island! It's huge!
Nami: It's covered in an enormous bubble!  And there are clouds on the inside? Maybe there's air in there!
Chopper: If that's Fishman Island, does that mean we're ten thousand meters below the surface?
Usopp: What are those enormous trees doing so deep in the sea?
Luffy: We did it!  We're here!
Franky: One of the most famous spots on the Grand Line!
Caribou: Oh, so we're here?
Sanji: The island where the mermaids dance... The beautiful mermaid princess... Finally, I'm here!  In the paradise I've dreamed of since I was a kid!
Sanji & Brook: Mermaids!  Mermaids!
Usopp: Sanji!  It's hopeless! Just imagining it caused him to become like this?!
Chopper: Sanji! I'm so sorry, Sanji! I couldn't rehabilitate you in time! It'd be better if you didn't meet the real mermaids.
Usopp: Doctor!  Meeting the mermaids of Fishman Island is his dream!
Chopper: But if he meets them, he'll die!
Usopp: Oh no!
Sanji: I don't mind.
Usopp: Sanji! I don't want to live the rest of my life without fulfilling this dream. I'd rather see the mermaids and die from over-excitement! You're the worst!
Sanji: I will meet the mermaids!
Chopper: So hot!
Usopp: The flames of perversion?!
Luffy: I'm so excited!  I wonder what sort of meat they eat on Fishman Island?
Nami: Luffy, could you wipe that drool off your face and ask Surume a favor? Let's search for the entrance to Fishman Island.
Franky: Hey, what's with those guys?!
Zoro: Who are they?!
Nami: It's a herd of sea monsters!
Usopp: We're done for!  And we made it so far!
Luffy: These sea monsters are so... cool! Someone's riding them!
Narrator: A band of mysterious fishmen block the Straw Hats' way. They call themselves the New Fishman Pirates.
