Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Two years have passed since the great war at Marineford. Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates have all been training on their own. Now they've returned to their promised meeting place at the Sabaody Archipelago, and in order to proceed to their next stage, the New World, they immediately set their course for Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea.
Luffy: You guys! Set sail!
Hammond: I'll let you choose... Will you join us, the New Fishman Pirates? Or will you refuse us? If you say no, we'll sink you right here and now.
Luffy: No way. Moron!
Franky: Here goes...
Robin: This bubble has two layers!
Franky: We're gonna use another Burst to get across! Hold on tight!
Zoro: Water-
Nami: What a strong current!
Chopper: Help me...
Brooke: I can't breathe.
Sanji: We've got four Devil Fruit users here!
Zoro: Stretch out... your hands!
Sanji: Nami-san!  Robin-chan! Dammit!  I can't fight the current!
Luffy: Where are we?
Caimie: Luffy-chin! I'm so glad you're alright! This is the underwater Coral Apartments. My room is on the lowest floor, since it's the cheapest.
Usopp: We've reached the surface!
Mermaid: Hey, Caimie!
Caimie: Everyone!
Sanji: I've finally found it! This is my All Blue!
Hody: I see.  So Straw Hat Luffy... has finally come here? What should we do, boss? Bring him here... to me.
Hyouzou: Even if Straw Hat and his gang survived, they're only humans. They can't live underwater.
Kasagon: Maybe they're at the surface?
Hammond: We've gotta find them, and fast.
Nami: So, what should I do now? Looks like I really am in the depths of the sea.
Franky: Super! Hey, Nami!  Glad you're alright!
Nami: Yeah, but thanks to a certain someone, I thought I was gonna die just then! Wait... Robin! Robin... Robin!
Robin: Nami?
Nami: Are you alright?
Robin: Is this... Fishman Island?
Nami: Probably.  Franky's looking around right now.
Franky: Oh, so you're awake, Robin?
Robin: Thanks to you.
Nami: What about Luffy and the others?
Franky: I didn't see any sign of them in the area.
Nami: And we'd only just gotten back together.
Franky: Well, there's no need to worry. It'd take more than that to kill those guys, after all.
Robin: Good point.
Franky: We need to look for the Sunny as well. But for now, why don't we go somewhere with more people? I found a village not too far from here.
Maameidzu: Sanji-chan!
Sanji: Rejoice! I... will... live here!
Mermaid: Sanji-chan, you're so funny!
Usopp: Looks like he's back to his old self now that he's here. Is it pure willpower?
Luffy: You guys are so lucky, being able to swim and all.
Caimie: Luffy-chin, you can swim too if you use a bubble.
Luffy: Really?!
Caimie: Sure.  Just ask one of the technicians in town, and they'll put it right on.
Luffy: I see.
Chopper: Anyway, I'm relieved. If he gets another nosebleed, I won't be able to treat him since I'm out of blood bags. Sanji has a rare blood type, after all.
Usopp: Huh?  Are you sure he'll be alright?
Luffy: Hey, Caimie... There's someone here on Fishman Island I really want to meet!
Caimie: Who is it?  The Mermaid Princess?
Luffy: Nope! It's Jinbe!
Caimie: Boss Jinbe?
Usopp: W-Wait, Luffy, when you say Jinbe... You didn't befriend another Warlord, did you?! Oh, wait, he quit during the war, so I guess he's an ex-Warlord now.
Luffy: Yup!  He's my friend!
Usopp: W-What is it with you?! First the Empress of the Island of Women, now this.
Luffy: After Ace died two years ago... the only reason I got back on my feet was because he helped me!
Jinbe: You little brat! Can you not see anything?! What's gone, is gone! But ask yourself this, what remains?!
Luffy: I still have my crew! I really wanna meet Jinbe!
Jinbe: Let us meet again in two years, at Fishman Island! I am looking forward to the day when you and your crew arrive!
Luffy: I promised I'd meet him on this island!
Caimie: Now that you mention it, I read an article that said you were with Boss Jinbe.
Luffy: Where is Jinbe?
Caimie: Uh... Well, he isn't on the island.
Luffy: Huh?
Caimie: You know how he quit from the Seven Warlords of the Sea during the war two years ago? Because of that, the former members of the Fishman Pirates couldn't stay on this island anymore. So they all left, together with Boss Jinbe.
Luffy: Huh?!  So does that mean I can't see him?
Caimie: It's a long story, but basically the war had a great impact on this island too.
The Utterly Indistinguishable Ones: Caimie! A ship is coming! It might be coming! A royal ship is coming! Maybe nobody's on it! Of course there's somebody on it!
Caimie: Who's onboard the ship, Killifish-chins?
The Utterly Indistinguishable Ones: We don't know yet. The royal ship, such a rare sight! A ship that hardly ever comes here! Maybe they're here to arrest Luffy-chin and the others, since they're illegal immigrants? So what if they are?
Caimie: You all have to hide, Luffy-chin!
Mermaid: Sanji-chan, over here!
Sanji: Yeees!
Caimie: Is that the royal family's gondola?
The Utterly Indistinguishable Ones: Is it really? It is! Isn't it? It is, isn't it? So what if it is?
Mermaid: But it can't actually be someone from the royal family, can it? They wouldn't come all the way out to this corner of the island themselves.
Voice: The three Neptune Brothers have arrived!
Fukaboshi: Greetings, women of the cove. There is something I would like to ask.
Mermaid: It's the princes! What are they doing here?!
Usopp: Princes?
Mermaid: No, Sanji-chan!
Sanji: A-Alright.
Mermaid: You have to stay hidden.
Sanji: What is this sensation? Marshmallows? Uh, no, that's not right... A sweet scent like milk... It makes my heart feel strangely calm... Some sort of Fishman Island fruit? Sniff sniff. Hey, what's...
Fukaboshi: We have received word of some illegal immigrants. Did they come this way?
Ryuuboshi: If they did, then please say so-la-ti-do! If they didn't, then that's alright too-mi-re-do!
Manboshi: Akkamanbo!  Yay!  Yay! I wanna have some fun here too!
Mermaid: Nobody has come this way. Are they really so important? I mean, for you princes to come all the way out here...
Fukaboshi: Well, we haven't yet confirmed whether or not they are who I think they are.
Ryuuboshi: We haven't confirmed it-mi-re-do!
Manboshi: I can't take it anymore! Everyone!  Let's dance together!
Hammond: What's all the commotion about?
Kasagon: Hey, those are the princes from the Neptune Army!
Hammond: What are they doing here?
Hyouzou: This is a problem.  What should we do?
Hammond: Let's just see what happens for now.
Fukaboshi: I see.  Thank you for your assistance. We will look elsewhere. Forgive us for disturbing you while you were having such a good time.
Manboshi: Let's have another dance sometime!
Ryuuboshi: Sorry for disturbing you-fa-mi-re-do!
Maameidzu: Not at all!
Fukaboshi: Did the border police make a mistake?
Usopp: It looks like they're leaving.
Chopper: Sanji!
Usopp: What is that?!
Mermaid: Sanji-chan!
Luffy: All that blood... Sanji's in trouble!
Usopp: It didn't work! All the excitement he was holding in erupted!
Chopper: Sanji!
Fukaboshi: That's... No doubt about it.  That's the pirate Straw Hat Luffy. Ammo Knights!
Knights: Yes, Sir!
Zoro: Sheesh... All these plants look the same! It feels like I'm going around in circles.
Knight: You are Pirate Hunter Zoro, member of the Straw Hat Crew, are you not?
Zoro: And what if I am?
Hammond: Whaddayaknow, Straw Hat and his group are here.
Kasagon: What are we gonna do? The army will get them before us!
Hyouzou: But it's a bad idea to fight the Neptune Army here.
Chopper: Please, wait! We're sorry about entering the country illegally! But if you're gonna arrest us, please do it later! Is there anyone here willing to donate their blood?! Without help, our companion will be dead within an hour! He has blood type S, Rh negative. It's not very common, but is there anyone here with that type?! Or do mermen and fishmen have different blood from humans?
Caimie: Chopper-chin...
Chopper: Hurry!  Isn't there anyone?!
Usopp: You can't... You can't die such a ridiculous death!
Luffy: Please, anyone!  I'm begging you! Give Sanji blood!
Caimie: Luffy-chin, Chopper-chin! Both mermen and fishmen have the same blood types as humans. It's possible to do a blood transfusion. But...
Hammond: These humans are spouting nonsense!
Luffy: It's the guys with the sea monsters!
Knight: Prince Fukaboshi, it's Hammond of the Fishman District.
Hammon: Give our blood to an inferior species like you humans? Nobody on Fishman Island would be so obliging! And even if you found someone... the human-haters on this island would subject them to the Judgment of the Dark Night!
Usopp: Judgment?
Hammond: That kid can just lie there and bleed to death. He's completely beyond help! There is an old law in this country... "You shall not share your blood with humans."
Usopp: What?!
Hammond: Make no mistake! This law was created by you humans. During our long history together, you humans have always feared us as monsters! You were the ones who forbade the mixing of our blood! That is what caused the death of Fishman Island's hero, Fisher Tiger.
Luffy: Fisher Tiger?
Hammond: The man who put his life on the line to free all slaves, regardless of their species. He died after a bloody battle, even though he could have easily been saved by a blood transfusion! The heartless humans refused to give him blood... so he died! Straw Hat.  I only have one thing to say to you. Disregard the life of that one underling of yours, and come with us to the Fishman District! The captain of the New Fishman Pirates, Hody Jones-sama, wants to see you!
Usopp: Shut up! I don't know anything about your rules, but please, isn't there anyone here with the blood type S, Rh negative?! We don't care what we have to do in return! For now, please just save his life!
Hammond: I'm telling you, it's pointless.
Usopp: Caimie!
Hammond: If you're not gonna come willingly... We'll just have to bring you along by force!
Luffy: I thought I already told you... I won't... do what you say!
Usopp: Luffy!  There's a sea monster behind you!
Fukaboshi: Hammond and his gang from the Fishman District...
Usopp: The sea monster... admitted defeat without even fighting?!
Chopper: Amazing!
Mermaid: What was that?  Luffy-chan is amazing!
Fukaboshi: I would expect no less.
Caimie: Luffy-chin! Bring Sanji-chin aboard! Let's go to the city!
Fukaboshi: The Ryuuguu?
Caimie: There are plenty of humans at the port in the city! Hurry!
Luffy: Alright! Right, we're aboard!  Caimie, let's go!
Caimie: Please, Ryuuguu-chin!  Take us to the city!
Knight: You there, wait! The Ryuuguu belongs to the princes!
Caimie: I'm sorry!  I promise to give it back after we've saved Sanji-chin!
Manboshi: They're gone!
Ryuuboshi: We don't have any way to get back now-fa-mi-re-do!
Fukaboshi: Hmm...
Caimie: I'm so sorry. If only I had the same blood type, I would gladly help.
Usopp: You have nothing to apologize for. It's his fault for having perverted thoughts in the first place. Just look!  He's still grinning.
Sanji: ...and yet they were bouncy...
Chopper: Sanji!  Just stop it, already! Don't imagine anything at all! We don't have a second to spare!
Usopp: Still, this reminds me of the discrimination that you and Hachi suffered on Sabaody two years ago. It looks like the problem runs deep. I never thought a nosebleed could become something serious like this.
Caimie: Yeah... Even if we get to the city, I'm still a bit worried. Will we find someone willing to donate blood on time? In the past month, no humans have come to the island at all. You are the first guests we've had in a while.
Luffy: Why?  Isn't this a famous tourist spot?
Caimie: Yeah, it is, but... We don't know for sure, but there's a rumor that something is interfering with travelers' voyages. That there's some shadowy force behind all of this... People all over the country are talking about it.
Fukaboshi: This is quite inconvenient, you know. Why were you hiding the pirates from us?
Mermaid: We're so sorry, Prince Fukaboshi! Caimie said they were her friends. They weren't bad people, so we didn't want them to be arrested as illegal immigrants. Will Sanji-chan really be alright?
Fukaboshi: You're jumping to conclusions.  They are famous pirates. It doesn't matter how they entered the country. We were already perfectly aware who they are.
Ryuuboshi: We were looking for them for a different reason-re-mi-fa!
Mermaid: Really?
Fukaboshi: I didn't get a chance to give them... Jinbe's message.
Narrator: In order to save Sanji, who is in mortal danger after getting overexcited, Luffy and the others search for someone who can donate their blood... while Caimie leads them to the Mermaid Café. There they meet the incredibly talented fortune teller, Madame Shyarly. She predicts that a horrifying future lies ahead for Luffy and his friends!
