Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Two years have passed since the great war at Marineford. Luffy and the Straw Hats regrouped at their promised meeting place, the Sabaody Archipelago, before setting course for their next stage - The New World. They had reached Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea, but then... they were attacked by a group calling themselves the New Fishman Pirates, and were scattered. Luffy and the others were drowning, but the mermaids saved them and took them to Caimie's house.
Mermaid: Sanji-chan!
Chopper: Hurry!  Isn't there anyone?!
Luffy: Please, anyone!  I'm begging you! Give Sanji blood! Please!  Give him blood! My companion is about to die!
Chopper: Doesn't anyone out there have blood type S, Rh negative?!
Usopp: We're running out of time! Please give him a blood transfusion!
Them: We're begging you!
Caimie: I'm so sorry, Sanji-chin. It's very difficult for a human  to get a blood transfusion on this island. But I'm sure Luffy-chin and the others will keep trying.
Luffy: Damn it!  Even though we're searching so hard, we still can't find anyone who'll give him a transfusion?!
Usopp: I won't give up!  There must be somebody!
Chopper: Sanji! Humans?! Luffy!  There are humans over here!
Mermaid: This barrel washed ashore with Caimie's friends. I wonder what's inside it? Alcohol?  Treasure? Who knows... It's sealed pretty tight, though. What do you think?  Should we secretly open it? Is that really okay? Sure, why not? Oh?  I see you've come prepared, Ishilly.
Usopp: Sanji!  Are you awake?
Caimie: Sanji-chin!
Sanji: Where am I?
Chopper: Thank goodness!
Caimie: We're in the house of one of my friends from the port town. Sanji-chin, you'd lost most of the blood in your body!
Chopper: I'm so glad we were able to find a donor with the same blood type!
Sanji: I see... My blood, huh? What happened to me?
Caimie: You mustn't get up so suddenly!  Stay in bed.
Luffy: But really, why did the fishmen refuse to give him blood? We ran all over town, but we couldn't find any humans!
Usopp: I honestly thought it was hopeless!
Sanji: Thanks for helping me, you guys. But... I can't remember a thing. Where was I, and what was I doing? I can almost recall it, but...
Usopp & Luffy: Don't recall it!
Chopper: If you get another nosebleed, you'll be beyond saving!
Usopp & Luffy: Oh, right!  Sanji, let me introduce the blood donors we met at the bar! You really should thank them.
Sanji: You mean I was given blood by... a delicate lady?
Totally hot and totally not imaginary woman: It's quite alright... We humans need to help each other out in times of need.
Oh god no: It's alright, silly. If you like, we'll gladly give you more, silly.
Luffy: I'm glad you've recovered.
Usopp: Come on, thank them already.
Chopper: Luffy.  Let me see your right arm for a second. A poison reaction... That wound is poisoned.
Luffy: Oh yeah, while I was fighting the fishmen earlier... I did feel a slight sting.
Usopp: And you're completely fine?!
Luffy: Yeah.
Chopper: Anyway, show me your arm. This poison is lethal!  Are you really okay?
Luffy: Yeah.
Chopper: That's amazing! Luffy's body must have developed antitoxins, and repelled the poison without us noticing! Have you been exposed to large amounts of poison before?
Luffy: Poison, huh... I was almost killed by poison back in Impel Down.
Usopp: Almost killed? Is that really something to laugh about?!
Luffy: It must have been that guy... The swordsman with the octopus-legs. He withstood my attack, after all. He was pretty tough.
Hyouzou: That came from the cove. Those mermaids sure are noisy. Now then, what should I do? These guys are both out cold. And I carelessly ended up poisoning Straw Hat. It'd be real bad if he died.
Mermaid: That scream was from Ishilly and the others, right? Ishilly! Ishilly! I'm sure I heard them over here. Where could they have gone? Earlier, I heard them talking about opening a barrel.
Caimie: Luffy-chin, and all of you, come over here for a second. There's someone I'd like you to meet. The manager of the Mermaid Café.  She let us borrow the room.
Luffy: What's this?!
Caimie: This is Madame Shyarly.
Luffy: Really?  Thanks!
Shyarly: Is the blond boy alright now?
Caimie: Yeah. But Madame, since you're so beautiful you should stay out of his room for now. Also, the fact that we're in the back rooms of the Mermaid Café... Keep it a secret from Sanji-chin.
Shyarly: Why?
Caimie: Because if he finds out... he'll be in trouble again, or so his doctor, Chopper-chin, says.
Shyarly: That's an odd prescription.
Luffy: Hey!  Huge mermaid!
Caimie: Her name is Madame Shyarly, Luffy-chin!
Luffy: What's this?
Usopp: It's so pretty!
Shyarly: Don't touch that, Straw Hat Boy.
Luffy & Usopp: Huh?
Caimie: That's a crystal ball.  It's used for fortune-telling. Madame is famous for making predictions here on Coral Hill.
Shyarly: I've quit fortune-telling. It's better not to know the future.
Luffy: So, do mermaids poop?
Usopp: Whaddaya mean, "so"?! That has nothing to do with fortune-telling!
Shyarly: You vulgar boy!
Caimie: Apologize to her, Luffy-chin!
Luffy & Usopp: Sorry!
Shyarly: Caimie... Feel free to take the day off. Give your friends a tour of the island.
Caimie: Are you sure?
Shyarly: You've been working really hard, after all. Besides... Lately, we haven't gotten a single human pirate customer. This will be good for business. The girls from the cove will be coming here soon, so we've got more than enough staff.
Caimie: More than enough starfish... Oh no! I have to hurry and give Pappagg his clams!
Usopp: That's one weird way to realize that.
Shyarly: He must be starving. What? If you mean Monsieur Pappagg, he met an old friend of his. The two of them are hanging out in the café right now.
Caimie: In the café?
Luffy & Usopp: An old friend?
Caimie: I didn't mention this earlier but... Back when the Madame was still a child, she said that lots of pirates would be coming to the island soon... And then the Great Age of Pirates began the following year.
Luffy & Usopp: What?!
Caimie: It'd take way too long if I told you all the details, but a while back she also predicted the war at Marineford and the death of Whitebeard.
Luffy & Usopp: What?!
Caimie: Since she's predicted so many bad things, it sounds like she's gotten tired of it.
Usopp: That's scary!
Luffy: Wait, where's Chopper?
Usopp: He's looking after Sanji.
Caimie: Luffy-chin, Usopp-chin!
Luffy & Usopp: Coming!
Caimie: This is the main street on Coral Hill. Look!  This is the entrance to the Mermaid Café!
Luffy: Man, I sure am hungry!
Usopp: It's just a café!
Caimie: We have food here too. Like cake and fruits of the sea!
Luffy: How about meat?
Caimie: Merfolk don't eat meat or fish, so... the menu consists of Seaweed Brûlée, Algae Tart, Kelp Soufflé...
Usopp: Is any of that good?
Caimie: But we do have meat too!
Luffy: Really?!
Caimie: Shellfish meat, Scallop Sandwich, Freshwater Clam Pizza-
Luffy: Shellfish meat doesn't count!  Don't insult meat like that!
Usopp: Anyway, let's get going.  To the Mermaid Café.
Caimie: Yeah.  Pappagg's waiting for us.
Luffy: I mean it!  Don't look down on meat!
Maameidzu: Thank you very much!
Brook: Resting my tired bones...
Pappagg: Good for you, Bones!
Luffy & Usopp: Brook!
Caimie: Brook-chin!
Brook: Oh?  Why, if it isn't Luffy-san and Usopp-san! And Caimie-san, it has been far too long! So, to get right to the point, may I see your panti-
Pappagg: She's a mermaid, remember?! Straw!  Nose! I've really missed you guys! So you're finally here?
Luffy: Long time, no see!
Usopp: So you were with Pappagg?
Brook: Yes.  I never thought I would be rescued by Pappagg-san! I am truly lucky!
Pappagg: You got that right!  I was surprised too. I was just trying to perfect an idea for a new design down at the cove, when Bones here just came drifting down the river! Huh? Bones?!
Maameidzu: Please come again, Soul King! It feels like we've been living a dream!
Brook: I'm definitely comin' back, beautiful mermaids!
Usopp: What?
Brook: I need to loosen my bones a little. Ah!  But if I were to loosen my bones, I'd die! I wouldn't mind dying right now!  Though I already am dead.
Maameidzu: Amazing!
Usopp: They've just been in a café, yet the tension is already this high?
Luffy: You're right!  What's it like in there?
Pappagg: Now, wait just a minute! It's not like you're leaving today, is it? I understand why you're interested, but later you can all go to the Mermaid Café together. I was just about to take Bones on a tour of my mansion! Follow me!  Do you like the meat of sea beasts?
Luffy: You have meat?!
Pappagg: You think a wild man such as myself would be satisfied with seashells and seaweed? My diet consists of the meat of the very fiercest sea beasts!
Caimie: Oh, Pappagg, I forgot! Here are your clams for today.
Pappagg: Yay!  Caimie's delicious clams!
Usopp: Hey, aren't those just shellfish?!
Luffy: Disappointing.
Sanji: Lovely mermaids...
Oh god no: Hi!
Sanji: Fantastic mermaids...
Oh god no: Are you alright?
Chopper: I wonder if the others are doing okay?
Pappagg: Merfolk don't eat meat and fish, but fishmen do. So it's not like there isn't any of it on this island.
Luffy: Really?  That's a relief!
Pappagg: Ah, perfect timing. Hey, taxi!
Brook: Easy does it... What's that? Vander Decken?! Why is a ghost on the wanted list?
Usopp: The guy from the ghost ship we met on the way here?
Pappagg: Huh?  You met him?! He's some kind of undersea robber who the country has been hunting down for ages. But let's talk about that later.  For now, get onboard! Vander Decken used to send a love letter to the Mermaid Princess of Ryuuguu Kingdom every week. Eventually he went from letters to packages,  and then threats and demands for her to marry him.
Luffy & Usopp: This is so fluffy!  It feels so nice!
Brook: This truly feels like paradise!
Pappagg: Listen to what I'm saying!
Luffy & Usopp: Sure!
Brook: Oh, excuse me.
Pappagg: When the situation reached that point, the princess was terrified... and the country could no longer ignore it, so...
Caimie: Indeed!  The princess' father, King Neptune, got upset, and the three princes you met earlier mobilized the army to chase after him, but they couldn't find him.
Pappagg: Caimie... Caimie... I was just about to explain that.
Caimie: So basically, King Neptune the Sea God, who rules this country, has four children including the Mermaid Princess. The Mermaid Princess is the youngest, and her big brothers are the three princes you met earlier.
Pappagg: Like I said, Caimie...
Brook: Uh, but something bothers me. Isn't Vander Decken that cursed pirate from several hundred years ago?
Pappagg: Oh! Well, legends are often exaggerations of exaggerations. It seems that he did exist, but the Vander Decken from the legend was just a man who reached this island and lived in the country. So, the ship you encountered was probably the real Flying Dutchman... but the captain was just his descendant! Va-
Caimie: Vander Decken the ninth!
Brook: What?!  His descendant?! Oh, that's how it is?  So he wasn't a ghost after all. Being only bones, and thinking I had met a real ghost, I was starting to feel more dead than alive. Thank goodness. If nothing else, I am truly happy about that.
Pappagg: Caimie... Caimie... Caimie...
Luffy: Oh!  Now that I look closely, there are so many different kinds of merfolk and fishmen!
Usopp: There are old lady mermaids down there too! They're just like old Kokoro!
Pappagg: Look over there!  Those are babies! Their father is a fishman, but his kids are both merfolk and fishmen. Basically, if a fishman and a mermaid get married, they can have sons and daughters of either race. In other words, there are four possible outcomes.
Luffy: So that's why there are so many different types! That's cool!
Pappagg: We're getting on the high-speed current now.
Luffy: This is so fast! Huh?  What's that?
Pappagg: Ah, that's the candy factory.
Luffy: That's not what I meant. Why is there a pirate-flag on it?
Pappagg: Oh, that?  There's one at the bay and at the entrance to the island too. Fishman Island is currently under the protection of that pirate flag. It's the mark of the New World pirate Charlotte Linlin. Also known as Big Mam.  One of the Four Emperors!
Usopp: T-The Four Emperors?!
Pappagg: Before the war, this island was protected from pirates by Whitebeard's name. Now, Big Mam is watching over it.
Luffy: Really?
Pappagg: In exchange, we have to give her large amounts of candy every month. That's what the factory is for.
Luffy: Candy? If we're not protected by someone great like that, the country would never survive. It would become too dangerous here, since it's like the pirates' highway. But if this Big Mam is protecting you in old man Whitebeard's place, she must be nice, right?
Pappagg: Hard to say... At least Whitebeard never asked for compensation. Perhaps Big Mam just thinks of it like business?
Luffy: Big Mam, huh?  One of the Four Emperors, just like Shanks. I wonder if I'll meet her someday?
Pappagg: Look up ahead! We have reached the city of celebrities, Fishverly Hills!
Caimie: That huge building right in front of us is Pappagg's house!
They: That?!  But he's just a starfish!
Shyarly: This is bad.
Fishman: Isn't that the Madame from the Mermaid Café? What's wrong, Madame Shyarly? Why are you so upset?
Shyarly: If we don't act quickly, something terrible will happen!
Fishman: Hey, Madame... What do you mean?
Shyarly: Go look for him! The pirate-boy wearing a straw hat... Chase him out of the kingdom, right now!
Fishman: Is this another prediction?
Shyarly: I didn't intend to look... but I felt something from him, and ended up taking a peek... at his future!
Fishman: What's wrong?!  What did you see?!
Mermaid: Madame?! Shyarly?!  Please tell us!
Fishman: Madame!
Shyarly: Let it be wrong!  Please, let my prediction be wrong! The human with the straw hat... Straw Hat Luffy... By his hands... Fishman Island will... be destroyed!
Narrator: The brightly shining Fishman Island. Even here, there is darkness born from history. Individuals who loathe humans, and who bare their fangs for the sake of revenge. They make their move, deep underneath the sea. Meanwhile, Luffy and the others are having fun in Pappagg's store, when King Neptune, the ruler of Fishman Island, appears before them!
