Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Two years have passed since the great war at Marineford. Luffy and the Straw Hats regrouped at their promised meeting place, the Sabaody Archipelago. Now, they've set off for their next stage; The New World, and they had finally made it to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea.
Neptune: I have come to take you... to see the Ryuuguu Palace -jamon!
Narrator: We now turn the clock back a little. This happened a few hours before Luffy's group met King Neptune. Ryuuguu Kingdom, the Mermaids' Cove.
Ishilly: This thing is so tightly sealed.
Mermaid: I wonder what's inside it?
Ishilly: Good question. This would be some sort of chest if it was treasure. Since it's just a barrel, maybe it's filled with some high-class liquor? It's... so hard... to open!
Caribou: Oh, that's quite enough. Opening it up this much is more than sufficient!
Mermaid: What?!  There was someone inside of it?! No way!
Caribou: Thanks a ton! I'm really grateful, my dear mermaids! Don't try to run away, now!
Ishilly: Quick!  Into the water!
Caribou: It's too late for that!
Mermaid: I'm... sinking... It's a swamp! How'd it get in this rocky area?!
Caribou: You can't break free from this bog! It's bottomless! I'm a Devil Fruit User. A swamp-man, who ate the Numa Numa Fruit! The more you struggle...
Ishilly: No!
Caribou: ...the faster you sink!
Mermaid: Help!
Caribou: Please, don't scream.  I'm not gonna kill you.
Ishilly: Somebody-
Caribou: Didn't I just tell you not to do that, you idiot?!
Mermaid: Ishilly!
Caribou: I just need you to go to sleep for a little while! My body is bottomless... How much do they pay for mermaids again? I seem to recall the starting price at auction being seventy million for one of them. So with three, that's... I owe the Straw Hats one for this! Thanks to them, I was able to enter Fishman Island without registering... And I can hunt high-class mermaids freely! This place is a treasure island!
Mermaid: Ishilly! Ishilly! I'm sure I heard them over here. Ishilly.
Narrator: And now, we return to the present. To the port town at Coral Hill in Ryuuguu Kingdom.
Knight: The Straw Hat Pirates? Were they the ones who kidnapped the girls from the Mermaids' Cove?
Mermaid: No, I didn't say that. They seemed like nice people... And besides, they're Caimie's friends.
Knight: They may have threatened her.
Mermaid: No way.
Knight: If we look at the facts, the only ones who were there at the time... were us guards, the girls, the gang from the Fishman District who were beaten... and the Straw Hats. And we have nobody who can attest to what they were up to after they disappeared. Humans always have a reason to kidnap mermaids. In human society, young mermaids are sold at high prices.
Fishman: Even so, you can't just accuse them based on guesswork.
Knight: Do you have any idea how many humans have put up a nice front, then kidnapped mermaids in the past?! Prince Fukaboshi.
Fukaboshi: And Madame Shyarly, about what you were saying earlier... Did you really see a future like that? That the pirate Straw Hat Luffy is going to destroy Fishman Island?
Mermaid: Madame Shyarly, have some water.
Shyarly: Yes, I saw it. That is what I saw, no doubt about it.
Fukaboshi: Even we at Ryuuguu Palace have heard how accurate your predictions are. This is quite a dilemma. We were going to thank them for saving our sister's pet. But now, even if this prediction is unconfirmed, we can't just let them roam free. We need to capture them.
Narrator: At the same time... In the most luxurious part of the Ryuuguu Kingdom, Fishverly Hills.
Fishman: They're gone... Who were they, anyway? To think that King Neptune would personally invite them to the Ryuuguu Palace.
Neptune: Don't fall off! Neptune! Jamon!  Jamon! Neptune!
Luffy: What's wrong with you, old geezer?  Those yells are ridiculous.
Pappagg: Quit being so rude! Straw, you're scary!  You're honestly scaring me!
Neptune: That shark there, Megalo... He's my daughter's pet, and she cares a lot about him -jamon. When Megalo didn't come back, she wouldn't stop crying. So he'd been attacked by the Kraken... That was really dangerous, and I'm thankful that you saved him -jamon.
Luffy: Well, it was just a coincidence, but yeah, good thing we managed to save him.
Pappagg: So he's the Mermaid Princess' pet?
Brook: Oh?  Pappagg-san, did you not once say that you and the Mermaid Princess were best friends? Oh, so that was a lie? Either way, it sure is a shame about Sanji-san. He wanted to meet the Mermaid Princess more than any of us.
Usopp: He was just born under an unlucky star. I think. Still, if the princess has a shark as a pet...
Caimie: Is it really alright? For us to come along to the Ryuuguu Palace.
Usopp: He did say "Your friends are quite welcome too -jamon", so what's the problem?
Nami: Most people never get to go there, right? Since you have the chance, you should enjoy it.
Neptune: To tell you the truth, I sent my sons out to fetch you, but they still haven't returned -jamon. So I decided to go myself. After all, I too am looking forward to the feast, and wish to start eating soon -jamon!
Luffy: I'm looking forward to it too!
Nami: Hey!  Wipe that drool off your faces!
Neptune: I forgot to mention, but one of your friends has already been taken there.
Nami & Usopp: Huh?
Neptune: He's a swordsman.  He began drinking already. These feasts are more fun if everyone's there. What a selfish man. I believe his name was...
Usopp: Zoro, huh?
Nami: That's Zoro, alright.
Neptune: Zori!
Nami & Usopp: It's Zoro!
Neptune: The guards are looking for your companions and will invite them all to the castle, so don't worry -jamon.
Luffy: Nami, do you know where they went?
Nami: This city looks like a great place to go shopping!
Franky: With this many people around, I might be able to find information sooner than I'd thought.
Nami: Huh?  About Luffy and the others?
Franky: That too, but what I'm most curious about is... where I can find the relatives of my shipwright master, Tom-san. This is Tom-san's homeland. If he has family, I need to tell them how he lived his life. I know we only just reunited and all, but I'd like to do this alone.
Nami: If that's what you want, then I can't really stop you.
Robin: I have some things I want to investigate as well.
Nami: You too?
Robin: Since ancient times, Fishman Island has been an island rich with folklore. I'm sure another one lies here... A valuable fragment of history.
Nami: Valuable fragment... of history? So we split up again. You haven't had any trouble, right?
Usopp: Well, you could say we have, and you could say we haven't...
Nami: By the way, old man.
Pappagg: That's the Sea God, Neptune-sama you're talking to!
Nami: We're ten thousand meters under the sea, so why is it so bright in the area around Fishman Island?
Neptune: It's not that the area surrounding Fishman Island is bright. This is the only place on the ocean floor where the sun shines, so fishmen started living here long ago. That's how Fishman Island was founded. The roots of the Treasure Tree, Eve, reach down to these depths. They transfer sunlight directly from the surface to the bottom of the sea.
Nami: Transfer sunlight? So you are saying this tree has glowing roots that reach ten thousand meters below the sea?
Neptune: Indeed.  The scientists keep making new theories for how this can be, but it is a mysterious tree that receives light at the surface and emits it from its roots -jamon. And its respiration supplies air to the sea floor as well.
Usopp: So it's like the big boss of the Yarukiman Mangroves on Sabaody?
Luffy: Hey, shaggy old guy, I'm hungry!
Pappagg: Hey you!
Neptune: We are almost there.
Luffy: It's huge!
Neptune: That is the entrance -jamon.
Talking Doorbell: Ding-dong.
Voice: Yes?
Neptune: It's me -jamon.
Voice: That phrase... Y-Your Majesty! I will lower the path for you immediately!
Neptune: Oh, right.  Take this.
Luffy: Huh?  What's this?
Caimie: A Bubbly Coral.  It's a tool used to easily create bubbles.
Neptune: The castle is largely filled with water. Make sure you put on your bubbles properly -jamon.
Usopp: This sure is convenient!
Neptune: Now, let us go. Neptune!
Luffy: This sure is fast!
Nami: I'm really looking forward to getting to the Ryuuguu Palace!
Caimie: W-What should we do, Pappagg?
Pappagg: I've been summoned to the Ryuuguu Palace. My clothing brand will be even more famous now!
Brook: Your face is twitching.
Neptune: Here we are -jamon.
Luffy: Amazing!  This is so cool!
Brook: It makes Pappagg-san's mansion look as small as a flea.
Pappagg: Don't compare them!
Nami: What a beautiful castle!
Voice: King Neptune has returned! I was wondering where he'd gone. Open the gate! Opening the gate! Welcome back, Your Majesty!
Luffy: This castle looks like a lot of fun!
Neptune: It is my palace -jamon!  Make yourselves at home!
Merman: For crying out loud!  You did it again! You just went into the kingdom on your own without considering your position again! You can't just go down to the surface without even bringing an escort! What are we to do?
Neptune: I will be more careful in the future -jamon.
The Shocked Crowd: He got scolded.
Merman: If something happened to you, it'd be too late for apologies! Do you even realize the situation our country is in?!
Luffy: Can't we get started on the feast already?
Neptune: Never mind all that, look! I have brought the people who saved Megalo when he was being bullied by the Kraken -jamon! Now, welcome our guests! Uh, where is the princess? What is Princess Shirahoshi doing?
Merman: Well, Your Majesty, just a little while ago...
Neptune: What?!  This is all because you didn't watch over the princess to keep her calm! You imbeciles!
Merman: And while that was going on... you just disappeared without a trace!  Can't you see that you made everyone worry, Your Majesty?! In the first place...
Neptune: I promise I will be more careful in the future -jamon.
The Shocked Crowd: He got scolded again.
Right Minister: I sincerely apologize for bringing this up when you've just brought guests here... but we have important business to discuss.
Left Minister: Yes, Prince Fukaboshi contacted us just a moment ago. What are we to do?
Neptune: Fukaboshi, you say?  What happened?!
Left Minister: You see...
Brook: I wonder how long they intend to ignore us?
Nami: Huh?  Where'd Luffy go?
Usopp: He was just here! He can't stay still even for a minute, can he?
Pappagg: What's he thinking, wandering around on God's land?!
Luffy: There's no doubt about it! I can smell food mixed in with the scent of the water! It smells really delicious! Is it this way? There's no water here? The scent disappeared. So it must be behind that door! Maybe this is where they're holding the feast? They said Zoro was already here, didn't they? Still, that is one huge, thick and solid-looking door! The wall looks really sturdy too. They're like the walls in Impel Down! What kind of delicious food do they have inside?! It's pitch black in here... So this isn't where the feast is being held? But they do have some food that smells really nice here! So is this the food storage room, then? Well, whatever!  I'll have some! My hunger is at its limit! What's this?  It's all soft and squishy... What's this? There are corals wherever I go on this island, huh? What's this?  It's so soft... Huh?  Was that someone's voice? This coral feels like pudding!
Shirahoshi: Is somebody there?! What is it?! What are you doing on someone else's body?! Who might you be?!
Luffy: What?!  It was a huge person... No, a mermaid?!
Shirahoshi: Y-You've come to take my life too, haven't you? B-But I'm not afraid of you! After all, I'm the daughter of Neptune... So I'm not... I'm not... Somebody! Father!  Big brother!
Luffy: H-Hey, hey... I didn't do anything! Seriously, what is wrong with you?!
Narrator: The enormous mermaid, Princess Shirahoshi... Due to having been relentlessly targeted by Vander Decken, she has been living in Koukaku Tower for many years. Then, an axe sent by Decken comes flying in, aimed to take Shirahoshi's life. Meanwhile, Nami and the rest are surrounded by the Neptune Army's soldiers!
