Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Two years have passed since the great war at Marineford. Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates have all been training on their own. Now, after setting off for their next destination; The New World, they have finally made it to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. However, a pirate crew calling themselves the New Fishman Pirates, was causing trouble there.
Shirahoshi: What is it?! Who might you be?!
Luffy: What?!  It was a huge person... No, a mermaid?!
Shirahoshi: Somebody! Father!  Big brother!
Luffy: H-Hey, hey... I didn't do anything! Seriously, what is wrong with you?!
Wadatsumi: Hey!  Keep lighting our path! How many times do I hafta repeat the same order?! We don't have time to fool around! Oh, a snack!
Decken: Wadatsumi. No response yet? Has Princess Shirahoshi still not sent a letter back?
Wadatsumi: Nah, not yet, Captain Decken.
Decken: Ah, how many years have I been waiting now?
Wadatsumi: About ten, right?  She's probably not gonna answer...
Decken: In short, this is all that despicable Neptune's fault! He wants to force her into a political marriage... I presume! The fact that he's been keeping her locked inside that steel tower for ten years proves it! Oh, how tragic! Despite the fact that she and I are in love... I presume! Princess Shirahoshi! I love you! Love you!  Love you! Love you! No matter how long I wander the ocean floor, I'll never find another woman as great or as beautiful as you! If our love is mutual, then all is well. However, I can not allow you to live with another man. If you do, then you must die, Shirahoshi! It's either "Death or Marriage" for you! Today, I will once again send you an axe with the emblem of a single rose on it. Accept it, Shirahoshi! It is the symbol of our marriage!
Pirate: Captain... You completely missed the target.
Decken: You imbecile!  I never miss my target... I presume!
Pirate: It came back! It's flying toward Ryuuguu Palace!
Luffy: H-Hey!  What's wrong?! I'm just a pirate who came here to get some food! Come on! Hey! Oh, shut up... What a pain.
Guard: Princess Shirahoshi is crying! It's coming from Koukaku Tower! What happened to the tower's guards!
Right Minister: What?!  Why is nobody with her?!
Guard: We're sorry, Sir!  There was a mix-up with the shifts.
Right Minister: In any case, hurry to the tower!
Shirahoshi: A human has come to take my life, and has made it inside my room!
Luffy: Huh?  No! Hey, that's not it! I was just hungry, and didn't know this was your food! An axe?  Where'd it come from?
Usopp: Sheesh, the feast still hasn't started? How long are they gonna keep us waiting?
Brook: My stomach is empty... Though, I do not have a stomach.
Nami: Hey!
Brook: Yes?
Nami: It doesn't look like we can expect a feast any time soon.
Usopp: Hey, is it just me... or does this seem kinda bad?
Caimie: What should we do?
Left Minister: We apologize for this since you went to the trouble of coming here, but I've just been informed... Straw Hat Pirates! You are suspects in two criminal investigations!
Usopp: S-Suspects?  What are you talking about?!
Left Minister: First, the kidnapping of several mermaids!
Usopp: We haven't done anything like th-
Left Minister: Second, we consider you dangerous since Madame Shyarly has predicted you will destroy Fishman Island!
Usopp: Huh?!  A Prediction?! You have no way of knowing whether or not that'll turn out to be true!
Left Minister: Silence!
Nami: What's wrong with these guys?!
Neptune: Is this really alright?
Left Minister: And so, we are placing you under arrest! Restrain them!  Protect Fishman Island!
Guards: Yes, Sir!
Left Minister: Charge!
Guards: Princess Shirahoshi!
Luffy: Someone's coming!
Shirahoshi: Forgive me.
Right Minister: Are you alright? You're not hurt anywhere, are you?!
Shirahoshi: N-No!
Guard: You were screaming louder than usual, so we were worried.
Luffy: What are you doin-
Guard: Who opened the door?!
Right Minister: Is there an intruder in here?!
Shirahoshi: I-I'm sorry to have made you worry.  I must have had a nightmare.
Luffy: H-Hey!
Guard: Hmm?  I could have sworn I heard a voice.
Shirahoshi: Oh, uhm, well... I-It was the sound of my stomach.
Right Minister: I-Is that so? You ruffian!
Shirahoshi: Megalo!  Welcome back!
Right Minister: Oh, and speaking of which, there is something I must tell you. It's about the pirate Straw Hat Luffy, who apparently rescued Megalo earlier. Some mermaids have gone missing, and we suspect he has kidnapped them. Also, due to a prediction by Madame Shyarly, we've decided to confine the Straw Hats to the dungeon, as there is a good chance that they will cause trouble in the future. The swordsman who came to Ryuuguu Palace a little while ago... fell asleep after drinking too much, and we have already placed him under arrest. The three members of Straw Hat's crew who arrived just now have probably been captured too. However, their captain, Straw Hat, who came here with them must have realized what was going on... and somehow, he's disappeared. We believe he may be lurking somewhere in the castle, so please be careful. We will also make sure we capture the rest of his crewmates on the island. We will protect the country's peace at all costs! I think I heard something!
Shirahoshi: Oh?  You must have imagined it.
Right Minister: No, I'm sure...
Shirahoshi: No, it was your imagination.
Right Minister: I see... Well, in any case, it's really quite a shame that we had to restrain Megalo's saviors. Uh, Princess? You're acting very strange... What are you h-
Guard: Minister of the Right, Sir. We should be going.
Right Minister: Oh, right... It's already been five minutes. We will be leaving now. Lock the door shut!
Shirahoshi: Thank you so much. I really was quite rude to you earlier. Please, forgive me. I didn't know you were the one who saved Megalo's life. May I call you Luffy-sama?
Luffy: Sure.
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama, since you are a pirate... does that mean you are a bad person?
Luffy: Dunno.  Decide that for yourself.
Shirahoshi: Okay. B-But what about your crewmates? They've been captured by our guards.
Luffy: Oh, it's alright.  There's no way you guys could actually capture them.
Shirahoshi: Is that so?
Luffy: Well, never mind that.  What was with that axe? What kind of superman could have thrown that, and from where?
Shirahoshi: I know... who did it. It's a man named Vander Decken-sama. He did it to get revenge, since I refused to marry him. That man... The Devil placed the curse of "Mato Mato" upon him. Because of this, he's capable of... targeting my life from anywhere at any time, since he has set me as his target. That's why it's dangerous for me to go outside. I'm not even allowed to take a single step outside Koukaku Tower.
Luffy: I'm hungry... This looks delicious!  Can I really eat it?
Shirahoshi: Go ahead.
Luffy: Yummy! But, by the way... If that guy wants to marry you, why is he trying to kill you? He's not making any sense!
Shirahoshi: He has been doing it for ten years.
Luffy: Ten years?! Must be really boring.
Shirahoshi: And on top of that, my father has decided that the guards can only be in here... for five minutes at a time.
Luffy: Really?
Shirahoshi: And so, Megalo is the only one I can talk to. He's a valuable friend of mine.
Luffy: So that's why they wanted to hold a feast just for saving him. That kinda got ruined, though.
Shirahoshi: Imprisoning people we're indebted to... What are they thinking? I've heard rumors that Madame Shyarly's predictions are frighteningly accurate. Perhaps it's unavoidable that everyone is afraid? Regardless of that, you humans certainly do eat a lot for your size.
Luffy: The shaggy old guy... said we'd have a feast... but he just kept getting yelled at for so long. I couldn't wait any longer... so I came here, following the smell. By the way, they called you "Princess", right?
Shirahoshi: Yes.
Luffy: So you're the Mermaid Princess?
Shirahoshi: Yes.  I am the daughter of King Neptune. My name is Shirahoshi.
Luffy: Huh?  Shirasu?
Shirahoshi: No, Shirahoshi.
Luffy: Huh... That's really hard to say. Ah!  I want to taste that too!
Shirahoshi: You don't seem like a bad person to me at all. Since you are a pirate, have you gone on adventures and such?
Luffy: Yeah!
Shirahoshi: Oh, right.  And have you seen the sun? When night falls, one can see stars floating in the sky, right? And there are many different kinds of flowers, and animals with fur all over their bodies! Have you ever been to a green place called the "forest"?
Luffy: Wait, wait! You're asking too many questions!  Wait a second!
Shirahoshi: Alright. My, what large cheeks you have.
Luffy: What are you doing?!  Stop that!
Shirahoshi: O-O-Oh no... Please don't yell at me so loudly. Luffy-sama... You really are scary... after all.
Luffy: Hey!  Why are you crying?  Cut it out!
Shirahoshi: Nobody has ever... scolded me before.
Luffy: Even though you're so huge, you're just a weakling and a crybaby, aren't you? I don't like you!
Shirahoshi: What an awful thing to say. Nobody has ever said such a thing to me. You are just awful... Please leave. I... I can't take this anymore!
Luffy: I'm stuffed! Thanks for the food! You've been in here for ten years, huh?  I'd probably get ill from that.
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama... Please leave now.
Luffy: Say... Is there anywhere you wanna go?
Shirahoshi: Of course... There are many places.
Luffy: I'd bet there are. Then let's get out of here!
Shirahoshi: What?!
Luffy: Let's go for a walk!
Shirahoshi: No wait!  I can't do that.
Luffy: What's with you?  Let's go! It'll be alright! If anything else comes flying at you, I'll just blow it all away!
Shirahoshi: What?!
Guard: Really... I can't believe he's still sleeping in this situation. He drank so much that he passed out, after all. Hurry! Yes, Sir! Looks like things are getting pretty busy in the castle. Did something happen?
Caimie: Usopp-chin!  Nami-chin!  Brook-chin!
Left Minister: Can't you even restrain them?! They're just three humans!
Pappagg: Hey, what are you doing?!
Caimie: Everyone, if you keep fighting them, you really will be considered criminals!
Brook: Be that as it may, we don't have a good reason to just quietly accept this either, Caimie-san.
Nami: I was really looking forward to the feast at Ryuuguu Palace, too.
Usopp: If we don't fight back, we'll be captured. They were the ones who turned against us for some incomprehensible reason!
Brook: I can take on as many of you as you like, if you so desire.
Guard: They're this strong, even without their captain! T-They're too powerful!
Usopp: Whatever we may or may not do in the future... Do you honestly think we'll let you arrest us for it now?!
Pappagg: Was the guy with the nose always this reliable?!
Caimie: Brook-chin and Nami-chin have gotten a lot tougher than they were two years ago, too!
Left Minister: See?!  This is just the prologue to the future that was foretold!
Usopp: Look who's talking! If you hadn't attacked us, we'd have no reason to fight you!
Neptune: Indeed.
Usopp: Though, these guys aren't anywhere near as tough as the giant insects on the Boyn Islands! Behold the power of my new weapon, the Black Kabuto! Come at me from wherever you want!
Left Minister: Neptune-sama, please help us!
Neptune: Is it really alright to arrest someone due to a prophecy? I would like some time to think about it -jamon! Therefore I would like you to allow yourselves to be captured for the time being!
Brook: He is quite a formidable foe!
Nami: Zoro?!
Usopp: I thought you were in a prison cell?!
Zoro: I heard the festival music... so I came here!
Wadatsumi: Captain Decken, we're here!
Decken: Wait right there, Wadatsumi.
Wadatsumi: Right, understood.
Fishman: This way.
Decken: Thank you for waiting.
Fishman: Vander Decken-sama has arrived! Right this way.
Decken: Pardon the delay. I ran into a volcanic eruption on the way. Are you the owner of this place?  The infamous Hody, I presume?
Hody: Just as infamous as you are. The crazy Vander Decken. Glad to be working with you.
Decken: Oh, a handshake? That's a problem.  Wait a second. This'll do. Oh, don't worry about it! The pleasure's all mine. Nice to meet ya, Hody Jones.
Zeo: Now, nobody on the ocean floor can oppose us.
Daruma: All the dangerous guys are gathered here!
Fishmen: Decken!  Decken! Hody!  Hody! Decken!  Decken! Hody!  Hody! Decken!  Decken! Hody!  Hody! Decken!  Decken!
Hody: Neptune is a nuisance for both of us.
Decken: We both share the same objectives.
Hody: To crush the Neptune Army, who have neither the pride of fishmen nor merfolk.
Decken: To take the head of Sea God Neptune.
Hody: And...
Decken: to bring Ryuuguu Kingdom...
Both: to ruin!
Narrator: A group of unidentified pirates invade Koukaku Tower, where Luffy and Shirahoshi are.
