Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Two years have passed since the great war at Marineford. The Straw Hats regrouped at their promised meeting place, the Sabaody Archipelago. Now, after setting off for their next destination; The New World, they have finally made it to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. However, the New Fishman Pirates, who were plotting to destroy the Ryuuguu Kingdom, as well as Vander Decken, who was after the Mermaid Princess, were moving in secret.
Decken: Nice to meet ya, Hody Jones.
Narrator: The Straw Hats have also found themselves being dragged into this.
Luffy: Is there anywhere you wanna go?
Shirahoshi: Of course... There are many places.
Luffy: I'd bet there are. Then let's get out of here! If anything else comes flying at you, I'll just blow it all away!
Brook: He is quite a formidable foe!
Nami: Zoro?!
Usopp: I thought you were in a prison cell?!
Zoro: I heard the festival music... so I came here!
Right Minister: What is this?! How did that swordsman get out of his cell?!
Left Minister: Unbelievable! He blocked the Sea God Neptune's attack like it was nothing!
Neptune: If you resist, even more people are going to get hurt! Just come along quietly -jamon!  Zori!
Zoro: My name is Zoro!
Right Minister: Men!  Surround them and destroy their bubble!
Left Minister: Minister of the Right!
Right Minister: If we get rid of their bubble, this will become an underwater fight, and we'll have a tremendous advantage! Hurry!
Brook: This is quite the crisis.
Usopp: Yeah, this isn't looking good. Hey, Nami!  Huh? Nami?
Neptune: W-What is this?
Right Minister: What?!  The water is gone?!
Nami: Too bad for you.  I came across this enormous Bubbly Coral.
Usopp: I don't believe it!
Zoro: Now then... Shall we continue?
Neptune: Wait.  I will fight him myself.
Right Minister: Your highness!  You shouldn't need to dirty your hands fighting this...
Neptune: No, this man is strong. I do not want anyone else to get hurt.
Luffy: Then hurry and get ready! Let's go outside!  Right now!
Shirahoshi: What?  R-R-Right now? B-But I... Well... I'm not...
Luffy: You're not what?
Shirahoshi: This is all so sudden, so... I'm not... well... sure what I should do yet. Please give me some time.
Luffy: It's just a walk, what's the big deal? Really!  Make it quick, then! I really don't like you. Okay, okay! I'll wait, so hurry and make up your mind!
Pappagg: What have you guys done?!
Usopp: Really, you went way too far!
Brook: Indeed!  Apologize for your actions!
Zoro: You were the ones who started this fight!  We're all in this together, you idiots!
Usopp: We just wanted to threaten them and run away!
Nami: And I just wanted to go sightseeing and shopping.
Zoro: Well, it's in the past now, so what can we do? Don't complain!
Usopp: "What can we do"?!  You think that's good enough?! Just dropping by Fishman Island and then casually occupying Ryuuguu Palace... How ruthless can you get?!
Neptune: Ow...
Zoro: So should we just have let them arrest us?!
Usopp: I keep telling you, we should have just threatened them and fled!
Zoro: First off, we don't know how we could escape.  Second, Luffy's not here!
Usopp: Yeah, that's right, Luffy's gone! Where did he go?
Brook: Where indeed?
Nami: We're really in a hurry here. So don't be mean, and just tell us.
Usopp: Yeah, we need to find Luffy!
Nami: Where is the treasure chamber?
Usopp: Cut it out!
Nami: What?  Why?
Usopp: Why are you acting all innocent?!  Consider our situation!
Brook: Now, everyone! In this difficult time, let's sing a song and be happy! Come on! It'll work out somehow, it'll work out somehow. And even if it doesn't, we'll die someday anyway! Yeah!
Usopp: You shut up too, Soul King!
Right Minister: Neptune-sama, are you alright?! I can't believe that the champion of the sea, King Neptune, would end up like this.
Neptune: My bad hip acted up all of a sudden, so I couldn't fight. I-I've really gotten old. Quite a blunder -jamon! Sorry!
Right Minister: We should have moved quickly and burst their bubble, turning it into an underwater fight, but they managed to get rid of all the water instead!
Left Minister: What are we to do?
Right Minister: Listen up, you scum! Once the three brothers of the Neptune Army, Prince Fukaboshi, Prince Ryuuboshi, and Prince Manboshi get back here, you're going to regret this!
Zoro: In any case, we can't stay on Fishman Island any longer. Where is the Sunny? We need to gather everyone up and set sail.
Usopp: But the Sunny's coating was torn off as we entered the island.
Nami: The Log Pose has been acting strange too. Ever since we came here, it hasn't shown any sign of stabilizing.
Left Minister: You're hopeless.  You can't navigate the New World with such a simple Pose. You ignorant pirates.
Nami: Huh?  This won't work? What do you mean?
Left Minister: I'll tell you if you untie me.
Snail Phone: Ding-dong.
Right Minister: That must be Prince Fukaboshi!
Snail Phone: Ding-dong. Ding-dong.
Manboshi: Akkamanbo!  Yay!  Yay!
Fukaboshi: Hmm?  How peculiar. What could the guards be doing?
Talking Doorbell: Click.
Zoro: Hello, who is this?
Usopp: Hey!  Why are you answering?!
Right Minister: Prince Fukaboshi!
Left Minister: Help us!
Zoro: Be quiet, you two!
Guards: Prince Ryuuboshi! Prince Manboshi!
Ryuuboshi: Oh my!  Brother, something must have happened -la-ti-do!
Manboshi: I think so too!  Are Father and Shirahoshi alright?!
Fukaboshi: It's me, Fukaboshi.  What is going on in there? Lower the connecting channel right now, and let us in.
Zoro: And what will happen if we do that? No can do!
Usopp: H-Hey!  What are you saying?! Explain the situation to them!
Pappagg: That's right!  In that case, tie me and Caimie up too! We don't want to be seen as your partners in crime!
Caimie: Zoro-chin, you're scaring me!
Guards: Help us!  Prince Fukaboshi!
Fukaboshi: Are you, by any chance, one of Straw Hat's companions?
Neptune: Fukaboshi!  He's the swordsman with the three swords from the Straw Hat Crew... Pirate Hunter Zori!
Zoro: It's Zoro!
Fukaboshi: Father?! You've even got Father there?!
Zoro: You hear that?  We've got plenty of hostages, including Neptune! If you want them to live, then start making preparations for us to set sail! What we'll need is our ship, the Sunny, re-coated. We don't know where it is, so you guys find it. Also, the rest of our crew. One gloomy woman.  One robot. One raccoon dog, and one pervy water imp.
Nami: Oh, Zoro!  One billion beli, too.
Usopp: Cut it out, damn it!
Brook: A pervy water imp!  How fitting! That fits him perfectly!
Usopp: This is no time to be laughing!
Brook: Pervy water imp!
Usopp: Come on!  At least make a jab at the "gloomy woman" comment too!
Fukaboshi: I understand your conditions. I will make arrangements for you and your crew to leave this kingdom safely. However, you must return all of the hostages unharmed!
Zoro: Sure.
Ryuuboshi & Manboshi: Brother!
Fukaboshi: We have no other choice. The connecting channel is the only way into Ryuuguu Palace. Everywhere else, it's protected by a thick bubble layer that we can't break through. May I say one more thing, Zoro-kun? I'd rather not tell you in this situation, but I cannot dishonor my debt to Jinbe.
Zoro: What is it?
Fukaboshi: From the former Warlord, Sea Knight Jinbe, to Straw Hat Luffy. He wanted me to tell you this once you reached the island. I have two messages to pass on.
Neptune: Jinbe, huh?
Left Minister: Jinbe?!
Guard: Boss Jinbe.
Usopp: Oh yeah, he did say that he was friends with Jinbe.
Luffy: Ah, the man who was in the newspaper together with Luffy-san?
Caimie: Despite being a pirate, he's an amazing man who everyone on the island trusts.
Zoro: Luffy isn't here right now, but I'll pass the message on to him. Say it.
Fukaboshi: The first message is... "Don't fight Hody." The second one is... "I will be waiting for you in the Sea Forest." That is all.
Snail Phone: Click.
Zoro: The Sea Forest... Hody...
Fukaboshi: And that's how it is. In any case, I want you to find the Straw Hats' ship and crew as quickly as possible.
Knight: Understood. Understood. Understood.
Fishman: Hey, did you hear?! They really did it! Apparently the Straw Hat Pirates have occupied Ryuuguu Palace! What?! What's their objective?!
Mermaid: No way!  And they seemed like such nice people. How could they?
The Utterly Indistinguishable Ones: I just can't believe it! Can't believe it! No, I can totally believe it! You can't believe it, can you? So what if I can't believe it?
Fishman: Kidnapping the girls from the bay, and considering the future that was predicted... It has to be them! Things are progressing in that direction! They've finally shown their true colors! Apparently two of Straw Hat's companions are in the back room of the Mermaid Café. The guards just went to capture them.
Knight: What is this creature?! He transformed?!
Chopper: Sanji is still recovering!  Don't touch him! What do you mean "come to Ryuuguu Palace"?!  You're just planning to arrest us, aren't you?!
Sanji: Hey... you guys...
Chopper: Sanji!  You mustn't move around yet!
Luffy: Hey!  Are you done thinking yet? Let's go outside!
Shirahoshi: I'm so sorry. I really... can't.
Luffy: Why not?!  You said there were places you wanted to go, right?
Shirahoshi: But if I do something so selfish, I'll be causing trouble for everyone in the castle.
Luffy: If I'd been locked up in here for ten years, I'd have gone crazy. This is to thank you for the food. I'll be there with you, so where do you want to go?
Shirahoshi: Uh... Well... To the Sea Forest! No, but... that's just a dream. I couldn't possibly do something as selfish as breaking out of here.
Luffy: Why are you starting to cry just from saying where you want to go?!
Shirahoshi: I-I'm sorry. I had to gather up so much courage just to say it. Please don't be mad at me! You're scary, Luffy-sama!
Luffy: You're such a pain! What?!  What was that loud noise?! Is he throwing something at us again? What a rude guy.
Usopp: What's that?
Neptune: W-What is that sound -jamon? Could it be Decken's doing?! It's coming from Koukaku Tower -jamon! S-S-Shirahoshi is in danger! A-Are the guards with her?!
Right Minister: No, they're all tied up here!
Neptune: How can this be?! Hey, pirates! Go and ensure the princess's safety in place of the guards!
Zoro: Huh?  What're you talking about?
Guard: But Neptune-sama! That means letting them know about the princess!
Neptune: What choice do we have?! Koukaku Tower is on the northeast side of the palace! All of you, go there right now!
Zoro: Why do we have to take orders from our hostage?
Neptune: Silence!  Shirahoshi is my only daughter! For that reason, she's constantly being targeted! If anything happens to my daughter, I will drive you into the bottom of the deep sea!
Brook: So basically, she is the Mermaid Princess?  Am I right? If so, I shall go to her as soon as I can! And then! I wonder if she will show me her panties?
Usopp: Hey, wait, Brook!
Left Minister: Oh, what are we to do?! He dashed off with indecent motives! Now the princess is in danger for an entirely different reason!
Right Minister: Wait, skeleton! You can keep me tied up, but please take me with you! Koukaku Tower is under my jurisdiction. If anything happens to the princess, I will never be at peace.  Even in death!
Brook: You... You must... really love her, right?
Right Minister: Don't be absurd!
Left Minister: How shameless!
Right Minister: No!
Brook: Sanji-san, I will be going there first if you don't mind!
Shirahoshi: I've always wanted to go to the Sea Forest. All this time, throughout these past ten years. But... everyone warns me that it's too dangerous to leave the tower. So I'm scared of going outside. Luffy-sama, will you really take me there?
Luffy: Sure.
Shirahoshi: Will you really protect me?
Luffy: Leave it to me!  It'll be fine! Hey!  If you're gonna cry, then I won't take you anywhere! Besides, to be honest, it's more like you'll be taking me there. I can't swim, after all.
Shirahoshi: I-I'm so sorry.  I'm just too happy.
Luffy: You really are a crybaby, huh? And a weakling. But if we go outside, you'll stand out so much that you'll get spotted right away.
Shirahoshi: Right... I'm so sorry.
Luffy: So I have an idea to deal with that!
Brook: Mermaid Princess!  Are you alright?
Right Minister: Hey, skeleton!  Look at the side of the tower!
Brook: Huh?
Right Minister: That's insane!  Those aren't the usual knives or axes that come flying! That sound was human pirates crashing into the tower! How bizarre! That Vander Decken is insane!
Brook: What?!  V-Vander Decken?!
Right Minister: This isn't good!  They're getting up! This means... Enemy soldiers have invaded the impenetrable Ryuuguu Palace! This is a sneak attack!  The king is in danger! The princess is in danger!
Luffy: The sounds of the attacks have stopped, right? Let's go, weakling!
Shirahoshi: Y-Yes! I'm counting on you, Megalo!
Luffy: Go, shark!
Right Minister: Megalo!
Brook: Luffy-san!
Luffy: To the Sea Forest!
Narrator: After Shirahoshi is taken away, Ryuuguu Palace descends into chaos. Furthermore, a group of unidentified pirates break into the palace, attacking the Straw Hats with no regard for their own life, as if they're being controlled by someone. Meanwhile a severely injured Hachi arrives on Coral Hill where Sanji and Chopper are.
