Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Two years have passed since the great war at Marineford. Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates have all been training on their own. Now, after setting off for their next destination; The New World, they have finally made it to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea.
Luffy: Go, shark! To the Sea Forest!
Den: I'm glad you came to visit me.  You have my thanks.
Franky: Well, Tom-san did say some of his relatives in his homeland were also shipwrights.
Den: It must have been difficult to reach Fishman Island, right?
Franky: Difficult, you say? We came here on a ship I built using the skills that Tom-san had hammered into me since I was a child!
Den: So you used a ship that you, my brother's apprentice, built? It must be a good ship.
Franky: Yeah, it's called the Thousand Sunny. It's my greatest work!
Den: I really would like to see it.
Franky: Well, when we came to Fishman Island, it was swept away by the current. That's another reason why I wanted to see you. I was hoping you'd have some idea where the Sunny might be.
Den: You have nothing to worry about.
Franky: I hope you're right about that.
Den: Every ship that sinks near Fishman Island gets caught up in the currents, and they all end up in the same spot. I'm sure the Sunny is here too. I'll find it with a Don!
Franky: With a Don, huh?
Den: We're almost there...  the Sea Forest.
Franky: The Sea Forest?
Brook: W-W-Wait!  Luffy-san?!
Right Minister: Hey!  Wait, Megalo! Where are you going?!
Shirahoshi: Father, brothers, and everyone in the castle... Please forgive me! I'm going out without permission! I'll be back in time for dinner!
Luffy: Let's go for a walk!
Right Minister: What are you doing, Megalo?! You left the door to Koukaku Tower wide open. What if something happens to the princess?! Pirate!  Hurry and see to the princess's safety!
Brook: You're working my bones too hard.
Right Minister: She's gone!  Princess Shirahoshi is gone!
Brook: What?!  The Mermaid Princess is not here?!
Right Minister: This is awful!  A national crisis! When did this happen?  Who could have done this?! She's been kidnapped!
Brook: Kidnapped?!
Right Minister: Princess! Oh, princess.
Brook: She's been kidnapped, has she- Hey!  What are you doing?!
Pirate: The channel that connects Ryuuguu Palace and Fishman Island... Where is the switch to open it?!
Brook: What?  Switch?
Right Minister: Either way, we must hurry back to Neptune-sama, Skeleton! We need to report this to him immediately!
Pirate: We've got no choice. Following their orders is our only chance of survival. Tell us already!
Brook: Who are "they"?
Pirate: If you don't, they'll kill us!
Brook: Kill you?! What are you talking about?!
Fishman: What a bother. Those inferior creatures, the humans, can't even breathe underwater.
Decken: Listen up, pirates working for Hody Jones! You're in luck! You get to be a part of this historic event!
Pirate: Vander Decken... Isn't he the captain of the Flying Dutchman? The captain of the cursed ghost ship?
Decken: Don't worry, I'm just his descendant. I'm not a ghost. But I, too, have been cursed. I'm a fishman, yet I can't swim. Let me show you the power of the devil that I gained with the Mato Mato curse! Alright, you'll do.  Human, come forth.
Hachi: Hody! Are you really going to do this?! Stop this madness!
Crowd: It's him!  Hachi-san!
Fishman: It's Hachi-san! It's Hacchan-san!
Hody: Hachi-san.
Hachi: The Energy Steroid is just a drug that destroys your body! Why are fishmen trying to destroy Fishman Island?! Don't underestimate the champion of the sea, Neptune!
Hody: Hachi-san, give it a rest. I have no interest in your opinion. I can hardly believe that you were once a member of the crew I looked up to. You've become weak. Your time has passed. I need Fishman Island if I want to teach the humans a lesson, and Neptune is in my way. You guys were the ones who taught us that we are the superior species.
Hachi: But Arlong-san lost! Decken!  Hyouzou!  Why are you siding with him?! You refused Arlong-san's invitation back then, so why are you helping these young fools now?!
Hyouzou: Helping?  I'm just working here because he pays me. Arlong didn't want to part with his cash so he couldn't employ me. Too bad Arlong could only obtain a swordsman of your caliber.
Decken: So you're Hachi from Arlong's crew, huh? Now that sure takes me back! Your captain once tried to recruit me as his underling. But I couldn't agree to that. I could never let someone boss me around. Hody here understands that.
Hody: Arlong-san's ambition and his ability to act on it were admirable. However, he was all brawn and no brains. Even if we wanted to, we were too young to become pirates while you were out raising a ruckus at sea. And now everyone who grew up in those days has assembled here. So our resolve is strong, and we've learned from our predecessors' mistakes. I am the man who will carry on Arlong's will. And you, a former member of the crew I admired, are saying that you have a problem with my plan? That's really discouraging, Hachi-san! And while we're on the subject, Straw Hat Luffy is here.  The very man who shattered your ambitions. Don't you even care about that?!
Hachi: He called me his friend, even though I used to be a member of Arlong's crew!
Luffy: The three of you are my friends!
Hachi: I owe Straw Hat Luffy my life! I would go to meet him right now... but while Arlong's will lives on, I couldn't possibly face him!
Hody: Humans are your friends?!  You piece of trash! I'm utterly disappointed in you!
Decken: I'm locked on to you, Hachi. Have you forgotten how pirates do things? If you have a problem with someone, you'll have to resolve it with violence... I presume!
Fishman: Where'd he throw it?
Decken: When I touched you just now, you became my target. Whatever I throw and wherever I throw it... it will change its course like a hunting bird, and head straight for its target: You!
Pirate: It looked like he threw that knife in some random direction, and... It hit the octopus fishman!
Hachi: The Mato Mato curse...
Decken: Of course, there are several ways to stop it. Why don't we give it a try?
Hachi: Stop!  Don't throw all those arrows. I've heard rumors about your ability. Hey, Hody, he'll kill me at this rate! Please, stop Decken!
Hody: Didn't he just tell you, Hachi-san? Vander Decken is not my underling. We're two pirates who have made an alliance on equal terms. Besides, you're just a nuisance. You damn coward!
Hachi: Damn it!
Decken: Here we go! Good!  Run away, run away! But wherever you go... Wherever you go... Wherever you go... they'll chase you down!
Hachi: If only I can make it outside. Alright, now I can escape! Those arrows won't be able to follow me in the water. Damn!  So it doesn't matter if they're in the water or not?! Stay away!
Decken: The number of targets I can keep in my memory is the same as my number of hands. Two of them. My right hand, that I haven't washed for ten years, stores the memory of when I touched the princess of Ryuuguu Palace.  Shirahoshi herself! You get it?!  All the love and weapons I throw... will pursue my target even into the depths of Hell! That is my power!
Fishman: Amazing! So that's how you've been able to keep up your insidious stalker crush... without being seen or caught by the Neptune Army!
Decken: Indeed!
Pirate: What a cunning man!
Crowd: Cunning!  Cunning!
Hody: Now then, human pirates. You understand Decken's ability now, right? So now it's time to begin phase one of our plan. They say it's impossible to break into Ryuuguu Palace... but one man has been able to throw things in there for the last ten years. Namely, Vander Decken. In other words, this plan consist of you being the objects thrown by Decken... and flying straight toward the Mermaid Princess in Ryuuguu Palace. Though, you'll actually crash into the tower's hard walls. Then, once you're inside Ryuuguu Palace, you'll open the gates from the inside, and let us in.  That is your mission.
Pirate: No way!  If you do that... We'll crash into the walls and die!
Hody: Indeed you will. Which is why we're using the lives of you worthless humans! Down here, you're worth less than slaves! Those who survive the crash will carry out the mission! If it goes well, I will set you free. If you refuse the mission, then... I will throw you outside the bubble right now, you inferior species!
Pirate: N-No way!  If you do that, we'll drown!
Decken: In that case, you just have to take your chances on the method that leaves some slight chance of survival! Go!
Hody: Today, is the beginning of a new chapter in history for us fishmen! It starts when we conquer the Ryuuguu Kingdom!
Fishmen: Yeah!
Decken: I'm coming now, Shirahoshi!
Narrator: And now we return to the present.
Pirate: Wait!
Brook: I will not wait!
Right Minister: Hurry, skeleton!  To the king!
Pirate: Wait!  We have to open the way... Or Hody will kill us!
Sanji: Hey, I'd like to ask you something.
Chopper: Sanji!  You mustn't move around yet!
Sanji: So, will she be at that Ryuuguu Palace place? I'm talking about the Mermaid Princess!
Guard: S-She's there, but what about it?
Sanji: Then I'll go.  Even if it may kill me.
Chopper: You're going?!  Haven't you learned yet?! If she's a beauty, you'll die instantly!
Sanji: She is a beauty, isn't she?!
Guard: I've never seen her myself, but I hear she's quite beautiful.
Sanji: So she really is a beauty! I'm going!  I am so definitely going! So, lead the way!  To Ryuuguu Palace!
Guard: What's his problem? I don't know, but we'll have to restrain him. Before going to Ryuuguu Palace, we'll need you to wear these handcuffs.
Sanji: If it means I get to meet the Mermaid Princess, you can do whatever you want with me!
Chopper: Sanji! No!  Come to your senses!
Sanji: Are you freaking stupid?! If I'm wearing handcuffs, I won't be able to cook for the Mermaid Princess!
Chopper: That's your problem?
Guard: So you're going to resist after all? Restrain him by force!
Sanji: You bastards... Do you intend to shatter my dream of getting close to the Mermaid Princess?! Is that your plan?!
Chopper: Hey, Sanji! He ended up... beating up all the soldiers. We hadn't done anything wrong!
Sanji: Well, they wanted to put me in handcuffs!
Fishman: It's the Straw Hat Pirates. They're dangerous.
Chopper: Look!  Everyone is looking at us so coldly! Their eyes are like the fish of the deep sea!
Sanji: Oh, quit whining.  It's too late now.
Chopper: You should have thought about that before beating them up!
Sanji: You took out half of them too!  With your Kung Fu! You were pretty strong.
Chopper: E-Even if you say that, I'm not happy at all, you jerk!
Sanji: The voice of a lady!
Persons: Someone covered in blood has washed ashore! Aren't you from the Fishman District?! What happened?! Someone, get a doctor!
Chopper: I'm a doctor!
Sanji: Hachi?! What happened to you?!
Chopper: Hey, Hachi, it's us! How did you get all those injuries?! What happened?!
Hachi: It's you guys. I'm glad I found you.  Is Straw Hat here?
Chopper: He's not.  Wait, I'll help you.
Hachi: Gather your crew.  Hurry! You're better off... not getting involved in this island's affairs any more. Leave Fishman Island. The New Fishman Pirates are going to attack this island! Ryuuguu Kingdom will be destroyed!
Right Minister: Neptune-sama! She's been kidnapped! The princess was carried off by someone or another!
Brook: Also, a group of pirates came raining down by the tower. Anyway, we are under attack!  Under attack!
Neptune: Kidnapped?!  Who could have taken Shirahoshi?!
Zoro: An enemy attack, now? What are we going to do?
Usopp: Why now?! We're already attacking the palace ourselves! W-What should we do?! On second thought, don't answer that!
Zoro: We'll cut them down.
Usopp: I said don't answer!
Pirate: If we're going to survive... We have to open the gate to the palace!
Usopp: H-Here they come!
Luffy: Aren't you gonna come out of the shark now?
Shirahoshi: N-No, I'd rather stay inside.
Luffy: How does it feel, being outside for the first time in ten years?
Shirahoshi: My heart won't stop racing. I have done something really awful.
Luffy: Just going outside isn't bad! You're so weird.
Shirahoshi: Is this... what they call an "adventure"?
Luffy: Yeah. If you're this excited, then it's an adventure alright! You said something about the Sea Forest, right? What is that?  Is it a fun place?
Shirahoshi: A grave... There's a grave there that I haven't visited once since it was built. Not once in all these ten years. It's the one place I've wanted to go to the most!
Jinbe: Has it really been ten years... since the assassination that took place in broad daylight, throwing Fishman Island into chaos? How time flies. The princes have grown into fine warriors... and Princess Shirahoshi is still inside that tower. But nobody has forgotten about your ideals, Queen Otohime.
Narrator: Hody finally begins his plot for revenge. The pirates are sent to attack Ryuuguu Palace, and chaos spreads through the castle. The crew is dragged into the battle, and the gate to Ryuuguu Palace, said to be impenetrable, is shattered. The New Fishman Pirates, who plot the destruction of the kingdom, finally show themselves!
