Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Two years have passed since the great war at Marineford. Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates have all been training on their own. Now, after setting off for their next destination; The New World, they have finally made it to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But after that, the crew was unable to stay together... and now they are causing trouble all over the place.
Shirahoshi: Look, Luffy-sama! That cloud!  It looks like one of the "raccoon dogs" that I've seen in picture books!
Luffy: You're right, it looks like Chopper!
Shirahoshi: Chopper?
Luffy: Yeah.  Chopper is one of my crewmates.
Shirahoshi: Crewmates?
Luffy: There's something flying over there. It's so far off, I can't see it very well.
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama?  What is it?
Child: Mom, what's that? Hey, look at that!
Fishman: What is that?
Guard: Ryuuguu Palace!  Ryuuguu Palace! Please respond!  Ryuuguu Palace! This is the border police! Hello?  Hello?! How strange. Why can't we get in touch with them? Is the Snail Phone sick or something? Why are so many of those guys coming to Fishman Island now? Who knows? I doubt those dangerous guys from the Fishman District just said "Let's go shopping together!" either.
Hody: Listen up, men! Today is the day. This day will go down in history as the first day Fishman Island was united under one flag! We'll never make progress as long as fishmen and merfolk don't see eye to eye. Humans, who can't even breathe underwater, should be ruled by us... like the inferior species they are!
Pirates: Yeah!
Hody: Now is the time to correct the mistakes of history!
Pirates: Yeah!
Hody: Today will be the anniversary of our engagement, Shirahoshi! There is no need to rush things! The wedding can wait... until tomorrow.
Dosun: The branch of the Sun Pirates that have been such a nuisance to us, Jinbe's group, isn't here anymore -dosun!
Zeo: Sea God Neptune, and the three brothers Fukaboshi, Ryuuboshi and Manboshi...
Ikaros: Muhi, if we can just take down those four, eliminating the Neptune Army will be no trouble at all -hi!
Daruma: I'll tear them all apart!
Hyouzou: Just give the word, and I'll cut 'em down.
Hody: Let us begin. All of you, go and take control of the locations you've been assigned to! Today, the Ryuuguu Kingdom will fall, and we will become the rightful rulers of the ocean floor!
Pirates: Yeah!
Robin: Looks like I came at a good time. I wonder what the Sea Forest is like?
Guard: There's no doubt about it. That's Nico Robin from the Straw Hat Pirates! Woman! You and your crew are suspects in two criminal investigations! First, the kidnapping of several mermaids! Second, we consider you dangerous... since Madame Shyarly has predicted that you will destroy Fishman Island in the near future! Because of this, it has been decided that all members of the Straw Hat Pirates must be placed under arrest!
Robin: This is the first I've heard of it. And all this just because of a prediction? You'd really be so quick to believe something so unscientific? I thought you were a bit more intelligent than that.
Guard: Wh- Madame Shyarly's predictions are never wrong! Come along quietly!
Robin: No thank you. If I did that, I'd miss my bus!
Guard: Get her! S-Send a report... She... got... away.
Robin: I got some information after all. There is a Poneglyph here. This kingdom holds a vital clue to the mystery of the void century!
Usopp: What's with these guys?!
Brook: They just keep coming.
Nami: Why do we always get mixed up in this kind of trouble?
Zoro: Don't complain about that now, Nami. The fight has already started. Since they're coming straight at us, we've got no choice but to fight, do we?
Usopp: Shut it, Zoro!  Don't go and give them even more crimes to accuse us of!
Zoro: This is a fight between pirates! Is that even considered a crime?
Usopp: You're not going to reflect on the situation, even a little bit? And you guys, why are you doing this when you're already on the verge of death? Why don't we try to find a peaceful solution to this?
Zoro: Do you think they're that dull?
Pirate: The switch to lower... the connecting channel. If we can't open that passage, we'll be killed anyway. Kill them! Kill them! Kill them!
Brook: I will join in as well!
Pirate: Get them! You-
Brook: I suppose there is no choice.
Pirates: Die!
Usopp: You just don't get it, do you?
Pirate: Out of my way!
Usopp: Whoa, now!
Luffy: What was that, anyway?
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama! Luffy-sama, why are you so strong?
Luffy: I've been training since I was a kid! But there are still people who are much stronger.
Shirahoshi: Even stronger than you, Luffy-sama?
Luffy: What's up, shark? You feeling alright?
Shirahoshi: Megalo?
Luffy: Is your stomach hurting, shark? That was close!  Be careful, shark!
Zoro: Don't make it sound like I cut them down just for the fun of it!
Left Minister: Well, you did seem to enjoy yourself during the fight. You're like a natural born killer!
Zoro: So if a bunch of pirates came running at you with their swords raised... you'd just offer them a cup of tea instead?!
Left Minister: That's right, we should have offered them a cup of tea and sorted out our differences.
Zoro: That would not have worked on these guys!
Left Minister: In any case, now that you've taken them all out, we have no way to find out what they were after!
Zoro: And why should I care?  That's your problem.
Usopp: It feels like things are going from bad to worse.
Nami: Why is our crew filled with people like him?
Usopp: Well, look at the captain...
Nami: Yeah.  There's no use thinking about it.
Brook: I wonder if Luffy-san met the Mermaid Princess? I would like to meet her as well.
Neptune: Don't say that, just free me from these chains! Give Shirahoshi back -jamon!
Usopp: Again, why would we kidnap the Mermaid Princess in the first place?
Neptune: The culprit is Straw Hat Luffy -jamon!  Shirahoshi!
Brook: However, while I certainly saw Luffy-san and the shark come out of that room, I saw no sign of anyone resembling a Mermaid Princess.
Neptune: But she would never leave the castle on her own -jamon! Shirahoshi is as large as I am -jamon. There is no way she could leave without being seen!
Brook: What?!  The Mermaid Princess is huge?!
Brook's Imagination: Ah'm the princess -jamon!
Brook: That is absurd.
Neptune: Oh, I know -jamon!  He must have stuffed Shirahoshi inside Megalo's mouth and dragged her off!
Guard: Don't joke around in this dire situation, Your Majesty. Even if he came up with that idea, how could he convince her to do it?
Luffy: My nose is getting itchy.
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama, have you caught a cold?
Luffy: I've never caught a cold before... So why now?
Neptune: Shirahoshi!
Nami: Anyway, our captain would never kidnap anyone! If you're gonna suspect someone, then pick someone else!
Neptune: No, I cannot think of anyone else. If you do not return Shirahoshi to me unharmed, I will not return your ship or crew to you either. Keep that in mind -jamon!
Nami: No way!  Why would you go that far?!
Pirate: I-I did it!
Hody: It looks like the human pirates have succeeded.
Franky: Sunny!  You're alright! You really are a super miraculous ship!
Den: This place is called the ship graveyard. Shipwrecks are carried here by the ocean currents. Isn't it ironic? That a place like this would receive the blessing of the Sunlight Tree Eve, and the most beautiful corals would grow here, attracting the fishes and whales.
Franky: It's amazing. There are lots of whales here that are many times bigger than the Sunny!
Den: Whales can tell where the most fertile seas are, and they gather there.
Franky: What a wonderful sea!
Den: I make a living by investigating this mysterious Sea Forest.
Franky: I can hardly believe that this is the deep sea. The same can be said for Fishman Island too.
Den: I'm impressed that you managed to get wood from the Treasure Tree Adam. This is a fine ship, worthy of the materials it was made of!
Franky: Right?  The materials are the same as the ones Tom-san used for the Pirate King's ship! And the blueprints were my greatest masterpiece!
Den: Leave the coating of the ship to me. I'll handle it with a Don!
Franky: That's really helpful, uh... what's your name again?
Den: I'm Den.
Franky: Den-san! Still, you really don't look like him. You're a merman, and not a blowfish either. Since you're Tom-san's little brother, I thought you'd look more like him.
Den: That's a very human way of thinking. After all, you surface-dwellers usually resemble the members of your family. But that's not how it is with fishmen. The genes of Fishmen and merfolk carry the memories of their distant ancestors. If an octopus mermaid gives birth to a shark merman, that just means that someone in the mermaid's ancestry was a shark merman. Whatever kind of child one gives birth to, nobody finds it strange here on Fishman Island. Because of that, we can't understand why you humans discriminate against each other based on appearances. By the way, were there any robots among your ancestors?
Franky: I'm human!
Den: Human? Oh, so your ancestors were humanoid robots?
Franky: I'm just a normal human!
Den: Well, it doesn't matter.
Franky: Yes it does!
Den: Oh, right. I read about you and Iceberg-kun in a letter.
Franky: Oh, so old Kokoro wrote you a letter? She's as considerate as ever.
Den: So I'm aware of what happened. My brother lived in his own way, with a Don, to the very end! And you came here to tell me that in person. He had a good apprentice.
Franky: You're making me blush.
Den: Oh, so you are a robot after all!
Franky: Well, let's just say I'm a perversion of nature and leave it at that. Oh, and I noticed that someone's been sitting over there for a while now.
Den: Oh, that's Boss Jinbe.
Franky: Boss?
Den: Apparently he's waiting for someone. He's a wanted man, so he can't enter the kingdom itself.
Guard: Intruders!
Right Minister: How did you make it all the way to here?!
Decken: I don't believe it! We thought we'd have to fight our way in here, but Neptune and all the soldiers are already tied up!
Hody: I never would have expected a present like this to be waiting for us! Quite the surprise.
Left Minister: That face!
Guard: What's he doing here?!
Left Minister: So you finally show yourself, despicable Vander Decken!
Right Minister: And that's... Hody Jones from the Fishman District! Why has he come back here?
Neptune: Hody?  Wasn't he...
Right Minister: He used to be a rather proficient soldier in our army.
Hody: Is this some kind of trap? It seems too good to be true!
Zoro: We just keep getting more and more guests. What a lively palace.
Left Minister: You must be in league with them, right?!
Usoopp: Huh?!
Left Minister: You invited them here, didn't you?!
Usopp: Hey!  If you guys hadn't brought us, we wouldn't even be here in the first place! Who are those tough-looking guys?!
Guard: Hey!  At least give us back our weapons! Please!  Let us fight!
Neptune: Vander Decken! Now that you are here, I have no doubts! You are the culprit!  Give me back my daughter!
Decken: Give her back when I haven't even married her yet? You're getting ahead of yourself, Father.
Neptune: Do not call me Father! Where did you take Shirahoshi?!  She had better be safe!
Decken: What's with the attitude? You make it sound like the princess isn't here.
Neptune: Don't play dumb with me! Who else could be responsible for the princess suddenly disappearing from her room?!
Decken: My Shirahoshi has disappeared?!
Neptune: She's mine!  She's my daughter -jamon!
Right Minister: Neptune-sama, don't get so worked up over this guy's nonsense.
Hody: Calm down, Decken. Look.  The humans you threw, aiming for the Mermaid Princess, arrived here. That means, at the very least, that Princess Shirahoshi was still here when you threw them.
Pirate: Help.
Hody: Besides, whether or not what they're saying is true, you have a way of finding out where she is.
Nami: Finding out... where she is?
Decken: Indeed!  Hody, you're pretty smart... I presume!
Zoro: Is he leaving?
Usopp: What's he planning to do?
Decken: Now, coral!  Fly toward Shirahoshi! It's not flying toward Koukaku Tower! Whoever it is trying to stand in the way of our ten years of love... They must die!
Luffy: And so, he let out a gigantic fart!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama, you mustn't use such vulgar words.
Luffy: Really?
Decken: If anyone else is trying to take you as their own... then I would sooner see you dead, soaked in your own blood! Shirahoshi!
Narrator: The walls of the palace are destroyed, and a large amount of water floods in. Hody brutally attacks the Neptune Army. As danger approaches Sea God Neptune, who desperately attempts to protect his men, Zoro stands up to Hody! The water level rises every second. In these utterly disadvantageous circumstances, Zoro's battle begins!
