Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Two years have passed since the great war at Marineford. Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates have all been training on their own. Now, after setting off for their next destination; The New World, they have finally made it to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But after that, the crew was unable to stay together... and now they are causing trouble all over the place. Luffy broke out of Ryuuguu Palace with the Mermaid Princess, Shirahoshi. Robin obtained information regarding a Poneglyph hidden on Fishman Island.
Robin: This kingdom holds a vital clue to the mystery of the void century!
Narrator: Franky found the Sunny in the Sea Forest, the place where all shipwrecks end up.
Den: Leave the coating of the ship to me. I'll handle it with a Don!
Franky: That's really helpful, uh... what's your name again?
Den: I'm Den.
Franky: Oh, and I noticed that someone's been sitting over there for a while now.
Den: Oh, that's Boss Jinbe. Apparently he's waiting for someone.
Narrator: And a strange chain of events led to Ryuuguu Palace being besieged by... Zoro, Usopp, Nami and Brook. Now they've encountered a group of rebels led by Hody and Vander Decken, who are plotting to destroy Ryuuguu Kingdom.
Decken: My Shirahoshi has disappeared?!
Neptune: She's mine!  She's my daughter -jamon!
Decken: Whoever it is trying to stand in the way of our ten years of love... They must die! If anyone else is trying to take you as their own... then I would sooner see you dead, soaked in your own blood! Shirahoshi!
Shirahoshi: That one's an octopus! And that's a puffer fish! And that one looks like a little killifish!
Luffy: Wimp, you only see fish, huh? Look!  A rice-ball and a donut! Meat!
Shirahoshi: And you only see food, Luffy-sama!
Luffy: Really?
IMAGINARY CLOUD NEPTUNE: Jamon!  Jamon!  Jamon!
Luffy: What happened?
Shirahoshi: Oh, Father... I'm sure he must be worried sick about me back at the castle by now.
Luffy: Oh, geez... You're just hopeless. See, Wimp?
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama!
Luffy: Why are you laughing? Hurry up and close your mouth!
Neptune: Vander Decken went after Shirahoshi!
Left Minister: Neptune-sama!
Neptune: I'm begging you -jamon! I'll give you whatever you want! Just let me go after Decken! I'll give you all of our treasure. You can even take my soldiers' lives if you want!
Ministers: Hey, Your Majesty!
Neptune: He'll catch Shirahoshi! My beloved Shirahoshi!
Hody: How pitiful, Neptune. I never thought that my destined enemies, the Straw Hat Pirates, would assist us in overthrowing Ryuuguu Palace!
Nami: Destined enemies? That's Arlong's mark!
Right Minister: Jinbe told me that there was unrest in the Fishman District... But I never would have guessed that you, a former member of the Neptune Army, would be behind it! You should be ashamed, Hody!
Hody: Ashamed? That would make sense, if  I'd ever taken  pride in being part of the Neptune Army. But the only reason I worked for you as a soldier was to gain combat experience.  That's all.
Right Minister: You wretch!
Hody: It worked.  I've become strong.
Right Minister: What?!
Hody: It's not like you bothered to watch over every part of Fishman Island. Ever since I was a kid, I've seen fishmen being oppressed by humans.
Dosun: Help me -dosun!
Pirate: We finally made it all the way to Fishman Island. We can't go home without taking at least one fishman with us.
Dosun: Let me go -dosun!
Fishmen: Give us back our friend, you kidnappers!
Pirate: What makes you think that mere fishmen brats have the right to resist us humans? Well, a mermaid would be worth more, but if we auction you off we'll get some pocket change for you.
Arlong: You guys make me want to puke! No matter how many of you we take out, you pathetic humans, who can't even breathe underwater, just keep coming back at us!
Hody: I looked up to Arlong's ambition, to knock those humans off their pedestals and teach them a lesson! We are the ones who will continue his plan... The New Fishman Pirates! Ever since Arlong went to East Blue to conquer the world, I've been training so that I could become his right-hand man. But it never happened, thanks to a certain group of humans.
Usopp: These fishmen are trying to carry out Arlong's plan?!
Brook: What?!  Arlong?! Just kidding. In fact, I've never eaten any Arlong before. That hurt!  Usopp-san, why did you kick me?
Usopp: Look, just be quiet!
Hody: Enough talking.  Let's get down to business. Get out of my way!
Usopp: W-What? What insane power!  What is he doing?!
Pappagg: This is bad!  This is so very, very bad!
Caimie: Nami-chin?
Nami: Caimie, I have a favor to ask.
Fishman: That's his natural strength, right? Yeah.  He hasn't taken any Energy Steroids yet. He crushed the wall!
Zoro: Damn it!  The palace will be flooded again!
Brook: This is terrible!  Especially for me!
Usopp: We're going to drown!
Fishman: Oh no, water drops! Get back!  He's about to use it!
Zoro: The water drops turned into arrows!
Neptune: You filth!  Attacking my men at random! Cease this, you fool!
Guard: Your Majesty!  Don't!
Neptune: Never -jamon!  You are my vassals -jamon!
Guards: Neptune-sama!
Hody: What a fool!  A king shielding his underlings? You really aren't fit to be a king!
Left Minister: Your Majesty!
Right Minister: Damn you, Hody!
Usopp: This is awful!  They can't even fight back! This guy is on a totally different level from Arlong!
Fishman: N-No!  Wait, Boss Hody!  Don't-
Usopp: He used his companion as a shield!  He's the worst!
Zoro: Hey, you guys.  Untie the soldiers. Our negotiations with this country have broken down. We promised to return all the hostages unharmed, but we couldn't keep that promise.
Left Minister: How dutiful.
Usopp: Right, I got it.
Brook: Oh no, my foot! My strength is fading!  Help me, Nami-san! What?  Where is Nami-san?
Usopp: Huh?  Nami?
Pappagg: Where'd they go?  Caimie isn't here either.
Usopp: Sheesh... First Luffy disappears, and now Nami? But freeing these guys is more important right now. Hang on for just a little longer, Brook!
Brook: This is such a strain on my bones. Please, hurry and escape. I leave the task of untying the rest to you. I have no strength left.
Guard: Untie them!  Pick up your weapons!
Hody: Don't let them pull any stupid tricks! Crush the Neptune Army and the Straw Hat Pirates!
Fishman: A surface flower blossomed! I've never seen that flower before!
Usopp: Take this.
Fishmen: What's this smell?!
Hody: Fools.  How ridiculous.
Usopp: How's that?!
Brook: I can't take it any more.
Usopp: Zoro!  This place is about to be flooded!
Zoro: Please, let those two escape from the castle!
Neptune: What about you?
Zoro: If he comes after you, nobody will be able to get away!
Hody: Don't get in my way.  This country will be mine.
Franky: Right, the ship doesn't seem to be damaged. Sorry for putting you through all that crazy stuff so soon. You can rest here for a while. Should I lend you a hand with the coating?
Den: No, it's alright.  Leave it to the professionals.
Franky: Okay, I'm counting on you!
Robin: Oh, so this is where the Sunny is?
Franky: Robin!
Den: A friend of yours?
Franky: Yeah.  Have you finished what you set out to do?
Robin: Not yet.  There's something I want to confirm... Over there.
Den: Hey!  That's not a place for outsiders to just casually stroll into!
Robin: I appreciate the warning.
Franky: She's a strange one, isn't she?
Den: You're not really one to talk.
Hody: Earlier, you were the only one who managed to see my Yabusame attack coming. Did Arlong use it on you too? Not bad, avoiding that attack the second time you encountered it. But no matter how skilled you are, nothing can stand against a fishman in an underwater battle! You can't possibly dodge them underwater! Looks like I get to have some fun.
Zoro: I have to finish this quickly!
Chopper: Hang in there!  You'll be alright!
Hachi: You have to get off the island!
Chopper: This isn't the time for you to worry about us! Just focus on your own injuries right now.
Sanji: Who are you guys?
Fishman: Return the mermaids! Damn humans, you only see us as mere objects!
Sanji: Huh?  What are you talking about?
Fishman: Don't play dumb, pirates! Three young mermaids disappeared from the southern coast not too long ago!
Mermaid: Where are the girls?!
Sanji: I don't get it. Why do you think we're the culprits?! Granted... I love mermaids so much that I really want to kidnap a few... but I would never actually do it!
Merman: See?!  He just said he wanted to kidnap them!
Chopper: Why would you say that to them?!  Be quiet!
Fishman: It must be the humans' doing!
Mermaid: Get out of here!
Sanji: There's still some left in this!  Don't waste it!
Fishman: Silence, human!
Luffy: Huh?  Sanji, Chopper! Hey, Sanji!  You've recovered from your nosebleed?
Chopper: Luffy, is that you? What's with the puffer fish?
Shirahoshi: A human, and... Is that... It really is a raccoon dog! It looks exactly like the ones in the picture books! A-Are they your friends, Luffy-sama?
Luffy: They're my crewmates!
Shirahoshi: Those people are...
Mermaid: Look!  Their captain is here!
Fishman: That damn Straw Hat! He's the leader of the mermaid kidnappers!
Shirahoshi: I mustn't be seen! Megalo, close your mouth a little more!
Luffy: I'm going down there for a bit.
Shirahoshi: What?
Fishman: He jumped down!
Luffy: Hachi!  Is it really you?
Hachi: Straw Hat.
Luffy: What happened to you?! Who did this to you?!
Chopper: Well... He won't say.
Hachi: You have to... leave the island.
Chopper: He keeps insisting we do that.
Fishman: But I thought Straw Hat was holding Ryuuguu Palace under siege?
Mermaid: They're mermaid kidnappers! He must have left his underlings at the castle, and come to kidnap more!
Fishman: His ultimate goal must be to kidnap Princess Shirahoshi! That's ridiculous.  There's no way he could do that. The princess is a giant Big Kiss Mermaid. Not to mention, she's the only daughter of Sea God Neptune. Even if he wanted to kidnap her, who would be crazy enough to try? What's with the puffer fish?
Shirahoshi: No!
Crowd: Whaaaaat?!
Chopper: Huh?!
Crowd: Princess Shirahoshi?!
Shirahoshi: Uh... Well... Um... You found me!
Chopper: She's huge!  By "Princess", do they mean... The Mermaid Princess?!
Sanji: Huh?  What is it? Is there somebody behind me?
Chopper: Don't do it, Sanji! Whatever you do, don't turn around!
Sanji: What are you talking about?
Chopper: If you turn around, you'll die, Sanji!
Luffy: Aw, man...
Crowd: The Mermaid Princess has been kidnapped!
Narrator: The crowd at the beach is enraged by Shirahoshi's kidnapping... and Luffy is captured. Then, Vander Decken finally shows himself! Will Luffy be able to protect Shirahoshi and take her to the Sea Forest while he's tied up? Also, Sanji finally sees the Mermaid Princess he's always dreamed of meeting, and his life is in peril!
