Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Two years have passed since the great war at Marineford. Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates have all been training on their own. Now, after setting off for their next destination; The New World, they have finally made it to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But after that, the crew was unable to stay together and now they are causing trouble all over the place.
Hody: We are the ones who will continue his plan... The New Fishman Pirates!
Papagg: This is bad!  This is so very, very bad!
Caimie: Nami-chin?
Nami: Caimie, I have a favor to ask.
Usopp: Zoro!  This place is about to be flooded!
Zoro: Please, let those two escape from the palace!
Neptune: What about you?
Zoro: If he comes after you, nobody will be able to get away!
Hody: Don't get in my way.  This country will be mine.
Shirahoshi: Uh... Well... Um... You found me!
Chopper: She's huge!  By "Princess", do they mean...
Luffy: Aw, man...
Crowd: The Mermaid Princess has been kidnapped!
Chopper: Don't do it, Sanji! Whatever you do, don't turn around!
Sanji: What are you talking about?
Chopper: If you turn around, you'll die, Sanji!
Decken: I'm coming!  I'm coming for you, Shirahoshi! It's death or marriage!
Crowd: P-Princess Shirahoshi! She... really has been... kidnapped!
Luffy: Hey!  Wimp! Why'd you get out of the shark?
Shirahoshi: I-I'm sorry! Luffy-sama, please don't be so angry with me.
Merman: That bastard made the Princess cry! He really is just pirate scum! Our poor Princess Shirahoshi!
Sanji: Princess? Wait a second... Princess. They can't mean...
Chopper: Don't do it, Sanji! You absolutely must not turn around!
Sanji: Wait... You mean to tell me that if I turn around and look behind me... then the Mermaid Princess will be there?
Chopper: That's right!  She's here! That's why you absolutely must not turn around, Sanji! You nearly died from seeing regular mermaids. So if you see the Mermaid Princess... you'll definitely lose every last drop of blood in your body. It'll be the end of the line for you!
Sanji: The Mermaid Princess. The most beautiful woman in the world. It's said that even the Pirate Empress Boa Hancock fails to compare. The woman who is held above all other Mermaids... is behind me right now?
Chopper: Just forget about her! I'm begging you... Please don't look behind you!
Sanji: Chopper. Instead of continuing to live without ever fulfilling the dream that's within my grasp... I choose to fulfill that dream... and die!
Chopper: What?!  Isn't your dream supposed to be All Blue?! Stop! Sanji!
Sanji: Huh?  T-T-This... Even my dreams were wretched, when compared to this. This paragon of elegance.  She truly is... the embodiment of absolute beauty.
Chopper: He turned to stone!
Crowd: Princess Shirahoshi! We must help her! But her kidnappers are the Straw Hat Pirates. They're strong enough to occupy Ryuuguu Palace.
Chopper: I thought he'd bleed to death from a nosebleed. Petrification?  That's a new symptom. Maybe it's a side effect of the Okama blood transfusion?
Shirahoshi: How can I explain?  Luffy-sama was only...
Luffy: Hey, are you okay?! You gotta tell me, who the hell did this to you? Hey, what are you guys doing?
Crowd: We got 'em! We got the Straw Hat Pirates! We're fishermen! We risk our lives every day, fighting the Sea Kings! Pirates are like nothing! Don't try and pick a fight with the Fishman Island fishermen! The fishermen nabbed 'em! Good job!
Chopper: You guys are fishermen?  We aren't fish, you know!
Fishman: Hey!  I remember you now! Long ago you were with Arlong, weren't you?  You're a traitor! You'll be fine now, Princess! We'll hand 'em over to the Ammo Knights, and then it'll be off with their heads!
Shirahoshi: But... that isn't exactly what happened... You see, Luffy-sama was just...
Luffy: Hey!  You guys!  Something's flying this way! Over there!
Merman: What?!  Don't say such dumb things! You can't fool us!
Fishman: Over there!  Hey! There really is something flying this way!
Merman: Huh?! Is that... coral? No... someone's riding on it! You don't mean... Vander Decken!
Decken: I've found you, I presume! Shirahoshi!
Shirahoshi: Vander Decken-sama.
Merman: After hiding for so long, he's finally showed himself on the island!
Mermen: Princess!  Please escape!  We'll hold him here!
Decken: Give me your answer, Shirahoshi! If it's yes, then you don't have to die! Shall we... get married?!
Merman: You mean to tell me that the man who's been throwing weapons at the Princess for the past ten years... was just stalking her with marriage proposals?! There's a limit to how crazy you can be, Vander Decken! Because of you, the Princess has spent the last ten years scared out of her mind, fearing for her life! I can't believe that you'd...
Decken: Give me your answer!  Shirahoshi! It'll be a yes, I presume!
Shirahoshi: Well, you see...
Decken: What's that?  Is it a yes?
Shirahoshi: You're just not my type. ...not my type. ...not my type. ...not my type.
Decken: Huh?
Mermen: Huh?!  That's her reason?!
Decken: Why you... You've been leading me on for ten years!  Who the hell are you planning to marry?! If you're aren't going to be mine, then it hurts me just seeing you alive! Die, Shirahoshi! Please, Princess Shirahoshi, we beg you to escape!
Merman: Quickly!  Even if we have to sacrifice our lives...
Luffy: Don't run away!  Stay there, Wimp!
Merman: What're you saying?!  As if she'd trust a pirate! That's right, you're working with Decken, aren't you? Do you think you can just order the Princess to die?
Luffy: If you're too far from me, I won't be able to protect you!
Shirahoshi: Y-Yes!  I'll stay right here!
Merman: Princess! You really think you can threaten the Princess like that?! You pirate scum!
Luffy: Sorry guys, this is nothing personal, but... you're in the way!
Chopper: Luffy!
Merman: He can do that even when he's tied up?!
Decken: This is between me and my beloved Shirahoshi.  Why must you get in the way? You must be the one who took her...
Luffy: So it was you?! You're the one who threw all that stuff at Wimp!
Decken: I'll take both of your lives then! I'll put the two of you together and cut you into four!
Luffy: Just try it!
Decken: L-Let me go!
Merman: He... took out Vander Decken?! He's still moving.  Now's our chance to capture him!
Luffy: Shark!  Wake up! Sanji! Are you okay?
Chopper: He turned into stone a little while ago, but it looks like he's in a state of bliss now.  He's conscious.
Luffy: I see.  Got it!
Sanji: Mermaid Princess. Is this heaven?  Is it paradise? My dream's been realized.  I can die a happy man.
Chopper: But wasn't your dream supposed to be All Blue?
Luffy: Hurry up, Wimp!
Shirahoshi: O-O-Okay! B-B-But... if it wouldn't trouble you too much, could you perhaps not raise your voice so much? It's making me really anxious.
Luffy: I don't know why, but it seems like we're no longer welcome on this island. We should get out of here soon. Thanks, Wimp! We're outta here!
Shirahoshi: O-Okay!
Merman: Princess!  Why did you undo the rope? That pirate scum... he's threatening her again!
Shirahoshi: I'm terribly sorry, everyone. But I'll be back in time for dinner!
Merman: Huh?!
Luffy: Shark forward!
Decken: Get out of the way, trash! I ain't lettin' you get away that easily! Wadatsumi!
Luffy: I've seen him before.
Chopper: He's the Umibouzu that attacked the Sunny!  He's one of Decken's underlings!
Merman: It's the Great Monk! Wadatsumi!
Decken: Knock them out of the sky!
Wadatsumi: You got it! My tooth!  My front tooth!  It broke! Owie!  Owie!
Decken: That oversized brat!
Luffy: Alright! We're off, Wimp! To the Sea Forest!
Shirahoshi: Okay!
Underling: Boss Hody!  Two females, a pirate and a mermaid, have escaped from Ryuuguu Palace!
Hody: Let them go. If I take care of this guy... then all that's left is the senile old man and a pack of mutts.
Caimie: Nami-chin, is this really okay? Leaving Zoro-chin and the others like that...
Nami: It not like you could carry everyone.
Caimie: Well, that's true, but...
Nami: Don't worry about it! Worrying won't do any good!
Caimie: I know that everyone's strong, but... You see, Hody's not just strong. His ideas are dangerous too, or so Hacchin says.
Nami: You know, in the past two years, we've all gotten way stronger than we were before. But more importantly, what kind of person is the former Warlord Jinbe?
Caimie: Huh? Well, Boss Jinbe... He's a pirate, but, he's so popular that he used to come and go from Ryuuguu Palace as he pleased.
Nami: Yeah.  But he was in the same crew as Arlong, wasn't he? Hody said that he's going to pick up where Arlong left off. Jinbe left a message for Luffy: "Don't fight Hody." I think I understand what he meant.
Caimie: Huh?  You don't think that he just meant that it would be dangerous?
Nami: I just hope Zoro and the others don't anger Hody so much that we get dragged even further into this mess. At any rate, I wanna see Jinbe. He said "I will be waiting for you in the Sea Forest." This incident is going to have a profound impact on the kingdom. There's even a chance that there will be riots so huge that they shake the kingdom to its core. I think he knew all of this.
Caimie: Boss Jinbe knew that?
Nami: Caimie. Take me to the Sea Forest!
Caimie: Okay!
Neptune: All men, listen up!
Guards: Yes sir!  We shall immediately remove Hody and his crew from the premises.
Neptune: That's no good -jamon!
Guards: Huh?!
Neptune: I cannot fight properly. As it stands now, you would all just die in vain. You shall surrender the palace to them at once. We will join up with Fukaboshi, and then come up with a plan to recapture the palace.
Guards: Surrender the palace?! Are you serious, Neptune-sama?
Usopp: That Zoro... What do you think you can do against a Fishman in the water?!
Brook: Usopp-san, my power's fading. It feels like I'm gonna drown and die at any moment.
Usopp: You're already dead.
Brook: Indeed.
Hody: Is it starting to hurt yet? Humans really are inferior.
Usopp: Zoro's gonna run out of breath. Is that what he's trying to do?!
Zoro: I need air...
Usopp: Zoro!
Papagg: It's all over for that swordsman! He tried to fight a fishman in the water even though he's human.  It's an obvious mistake.
Hody: He's trying to buy time, but it ends here. Go to hell, you inferior scum!
Usopp: Zoro!
Pirates: Boss!
Narrator: As the water level rises, Zoro and the others try to escape from Ryuuguu Palace, but the fishmen strengthen themselves with energy steroids... and move to stop them. Meanwhile, in the Sea Forest, Luffy's group finally meets up with Jinbe. He begins to tell them about his shocking past, which involves both Nami and Arlong.
