Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Two years have passed since the great war at Marineford. The Straw Hats regrouped at their promised meeting place, the Sabaody Archipelago. Now, after setting off for their next destination; The New World, they have finally made it to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But there they find that the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and Vander Decken has been stalking the Mermaid Princess Shirahoshi. The Straw Hat Crew find themselves drawn into these events. As Luffy makes his way toward the Sea Forest with Shirahoshi, Vander Decken blocks his path.
Decken: I've found you, I presume! Shirahoshi!
Shirahoshi: Vander Decken-sama.
Decken: This is between me and my beloved Shirahoshi.  Why must you get in the way?
Luffy: Shark forward!
Narrator: Meanwhile, Zoro's group remain in Ryuuguu Palace. He is locked in a fierce battle with Hody, the leader of the New Fishman Pirates.
Hody: Go to hell, you inferior scum!
Usopp: Zoro?!
Underlings: Boss!  Boss!  Boss! How can a human move faster than a fishman in the water?! Who is that guy?
Zoro: My air's run out.
Underling: Damn it!  How dare he do that to the boss! Don't hesitate! He's just a human!  He can't breathe underwater! Don't let that swordsman get away! Everyone take your Energy Steroids. What a nuisance they are! Exterminate everyone in the Neptune Army!
Zoro: Damn it.
Neptune: What's this?  Such an unnatural aura.
Usopp: Zoro! Is he okay?  He isn't coming up!
Brook: It's all over. My strength is completely drained and it's all over.
Usopp: What's going on!?
Underling: Kill 'em! You can only manage to defend yourself, huh?  Just give it up. You're out of air, ain't ya?! Now's my chance! You're getting desperate, huh? This is the end for you!  Die!
Zoro: That coward would never fight me one on one.
Underling: Damn.  If they're gonna fight like that then we'll massacre everyone!
Usopp: Zoro!
Neptune: The palace will be completely flooded soon. You should grab on to my body! They're taking out our best soldiers so easily. They must be using some sort of sinister power. Just as I thought, I must get all the soldiers out of the palace. Hey!  Use this to make sure you have air -jamon.
Usopp: Ah, thanks!
Neptune: Hold onto my body tightly -jamon!
Usopp: Got it!
Neptune: We can't delay, we must go now -jamon!
Usopp: Zoro!  Over here!  Grab hold of the old man!
Neptune: I wonder if my injured back will hold out. Listen up, soldiers! We're gonna carve a path out of here! Don't stay and fight.  Flee the palace!
Usopp: Zoro, use this!
Neptune: Here we go!
Underling: Neptune's doing something!
Usopp: Zoro!
Neptune: Ouch!  Ow, ow, ow, ow... Men, go now!
Soldiers: Yes, sir!
Neptune: Ride the current as far as you can!
Underling: Damn it, they're running away without fighting! Boss Hody!  Quickly, take this!
Soldiers: We're out of the castle!  Keep moving! Go through the connecting channel, all the way to the mainland!
Usopp: Hey, old man! Get it together!  I'm begging you!
Neptune: Age can be so cruel. I can't move at all -jamon.
Usopp: What?!
what's his bucket: Your Majesty!
Soldiers: King Neptune!
Usopp: Hey, what are you doing?!
Neptune: It seems as though this is the end for me.
Usopp: Don't say that!
Neptune: Oh, Hoe. You've saved us! I apologize for my frailty. I couldn't even move my neck -jamon.
Usopp: Are you okay?
what's his bucket: Thank God, Hoe helped him get out!
Usopp: Go!
Zoro: I'm out of air.
Usopp: What? What's going on?
Soldiers: Your Majesty! This is terrible!  Hody caught His Majesty! Wasn't Hody supposed to be incapacitated? Minister of the Right!  Let's go back! At this rate, His Majesty's going to be...
Neptune: You mustn't -jamon! You must go on without me, and bring back Fukaboshi and his brothers!
what's his bucket: Don't just stand there!  Obey the King's orders!
Soldiers: Yes, sir!
Underling: Boss Hody, is it okay to let them get away?
Hody: Yeah it's fine, let them go. What can a bunch of warriors who'd abandon their king do? But more importantly, tie up this foolish king.
Underling: Yes, sir!
Neptune: I'm sorry, you guys... but I won't let you get killed!
Underling: What's this? Who knows?  Probably someone's skeleton.
Anmonaitsu: Prince Fukaboshi.
Fukaboshi: Well then, were the Straw Hat Pirates here?
Anmonaitsu: Yes, well, no... The staff at this store saw them, but after that... King Neptune-sama invited Straw Hat Luffy and four others to the palace.
Fukaboshi: They must be the ones inside of the palace now.
Anmonaitsu: Most certainly.
Fukaboshi: So they're not here. And what happened to the two who were at Coral Hill?
Ryuuboshi: We haven't been able to establish contact with them -mi re do.
Fukaboshi: I see.  That's not a good sign.
Manboshi: Akkamanbo!  Fuuri, fuuri! I think something must have happened.  Shouldn't we go take a look? Is that them now?
Anmonaitsu: Prince Fukaboshi!  Prince Fukaboshi, please respond!
Ryuuboshi: Big brother!
Fukaboshi: This is Fukaboshi.
Telephone: Prince, we've got a major problem over here! This is the Waterwheel District.
Fukaboshi: The Waterwheel District?
Anmonaitsu: Some people from the Fishman District came here... and started attacking the town.  Queen Otohime-
Underling: You shouldn't have gone and done that.
Fukaboshi: What happened to Mother?!  Hey!  Answer me! We're going to the Waterwheel District!
Anmonaitsu: Yes, sir!
Muhhi: They're gone?
Fishman: Yes, they're headed for the Waterwheel District.
Muh: That Dosun... Doesn't he know that it's too early to start the attack -hhi? There's no point unless we all do it at the same time -hhi. Whatever, we'll just start over here, then -hhi. Listen up, men! This is the moment we've been waiting for -hhi! Go wild and plunder to your heart's content -hhi!
Fishmen: Yeah!
Luffy: This place is beautiful! So this is the Sea Forest?
Shirahoshi: You see, I've always wanted to come here. I am truly indebted to you, Luffy-sama.
Chopper: I hope we can rest and recuperate here.
Sanji: Mermaid.... Mermaid...
Chopper: Sanji.
Luffy: Oh, it's the Sunny!
Chopper: You're right!  Franky's there, too!
Luffy: Hey, Franky!  So this is where you've been?
Franky: Is that you, Luffy? Huh? Well, if you didn't bring a pinup girl with you?!
Luffy: I'll introduce ya.  This is Wimp.
Franky: Oh, Wimp, huh? Sounds like you need to get your act together.
Shirahoshi: Yes, sorry for troubling you.  My name is Shirahoshi.
Luffy: Franky, are you the only one here?
Franky: Actually, Robin was here too, but then she went off in search of something. She went into that huge coral forest.
Luffy: Huh.
Jinbe: Luffy-kun.
Luffy: Jinbe! If it isn't Jinbe!
Jinbe: It's been quite a while. It looks like you're quite a bit stronger.  I can see the difference.
Luffy: I heard you weren't down here, so I didn't think I'd be able to see you.
Jinbe: What do you mean? Didn't you get my message to meet me here?
Luffy: What are you talking about? I don't know anything about that.
Jinbe: That's strange.
Shirahoshi: Boss Jinbe-sama, it's certainly been quite a while since we last met.
Jinbe: I'm sorry for failing to keep in touch with you, Princess Shirahoshi-sam- Whaaat! Princess Shirahoshi!  Why are you here?!
Chopper: Hey Franky!  I wanna bring Hachi and Sanji down, so give me a hand.
Jinbe: Huh?
Franky: If it ain't the octopus guy! What happened to ya?
Jinbe: Hachi!  What! Where did those injuries come from? More importantly, why are you on Fishman Island? Weren't you captured along with Arlong?
Hachi: Jinbe-san, why are you here?
Chopper: Franky!  Sanji's next!
Sanji: Oh no, it's not that bad.
Chopper: Huh?
Sanji: Ah, Mermaid Princess! Before you, I am like an artist with no talent. For you see, there is no brush that could properly capture your radiance!
Shirahoshi: W-Well...
Chopper: That's... his normal reaction in the presence of women!  He's all better!
Sanji: My canvas could never reflect the beauty that you possess.
Chopper: Hooray!  Hooray! Sanji's returned to his normal strange self!
Den: It sure is loud over there... I wonder what's going on? Why is Princess Shirahoshi here?
Luffy: Hey!  Who're you?!  Why are you on the Sunny?! He's Den-chan, the younger brother of Tom, my carpentry master! He's fixing the ship's coating. Is that who he is? He's the master who's going to coat your younger brother, huh?
Franky: Well, that's close enough!
Jimbei: But Princess Shirahoshi-sama, I understand why you wanted to come here but-
Luffy: Still? Even after the beating I gave him. How many times has it been now? He's really persistent.
Jinbe: Listen to me, now! Why'd you bring the Princess here, Luffy-kun?
Luffy: It's fine!  I'm here, after all!
Shirahoshi: That's right!
Jinbe: What is she thinking?
Luffy: So that's the tomb she was talking about? She's really been going at it for a long time, now.
Jinbe: This is where her mother, Queen Otohime, is resting. Vander Decken's started his obstinate courtship... right after the Queen passed away. Because of this, the Princess couldn't even attend her mother's funeral, and she's spent ten years in Koukaku Tower. She must have so many things she wants to tell her mother.
Nami: Luffy!
Caimie: Luffy-chin!
Luffy: Nami!  Caimie!
Caimie: Nami-chin, look over there! The one who's standing next to Luffy-chin is Boss Jinbe. Wait.  Princess Shirahoshi is there, too. Whaaat!
Luffy: Nami!  Has the banquet started yet?
Sanji: Nami-swaaaaaaaan!
Chopper: He's completely recovered.
Caimie: Hacchin!  What happened to you?
Hachi: Caimie.
Jinbe: Are you sure?  Hody did such a thing?
Nami: Yeah.
Jinbe: To think that the situation at Ryuuguu Palace is so bad.
Luffy: So what happened to Zoro and the others?
Nami: I don't know. I thought we'd go back after we found you.
Shirahoshi: I-I can't... I can't believe that my father could be captured like that!
Jinbe: Luffy-kun, my apologies. I didn't want to you to get into any trouble, that's why I left a message for you. But it seems that you've already been caught up in our affairs. It is important for us to hurry, but when I met you two years ago the circumstances were different, and I couldn't tell you this story at that time. I wanted to offer you my most profound gratitude for stopping Arlong's crew in East Blue. That was you, wasn't it? Thank you. Once again, I'd like to give my thanks. But at the same time, I must apologize.
Hachi: Jinbe-san.
Jinbe: The one who set Arlong loose on East Blue eleven years ago... was me.
Narrator: Jinbe tells the crew about his shocking past, and revives painful memories of Arlong for Nami. The relationship between Jinbe and the crew grows tense. Jinbe reveals the truth about two great people... who attempted to fix the tragic history between humans and fishmen.
