Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Two years have passed since the great war. Luffy and the other Straw Hats regrouped at the Sabaody Archipelago... and then they set sail for the New World and arrived at Fishman Island. But there they find that the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and Vander Decken has been stalking the Mermaid Princess Shirahoshi. Luffy and the others find themselves drawn into these events. Zoro's group was locked in battle with Hody and the New Fishman Pirates. They attempted to escape before the situation became even worse... but Hody gained terrifying powers by consuming an Energy Steroid and managed to catch them. Meanwhile... Luffy and everyone else have all finally reached the Sea Forest.
Jinbe: The one who set Arlong loose on East Blue eleven years ago... was me.
Robin: There should be some sort of clue to the void century here. Remnants from several hundred years of history lie sleeping here in this quiet place. I'm sure it's just ahead. There it is!
Guard: King Neptune. Don't turn back!  Do you want the king's kindness to go to waste? There's the exit! Alright!  We managed to get out! Use the Bubbly Corals!
Left Minister: How can this be?!  Not only did we leave the king in the castle alone... but the guards were the only ones who made it out!  What a disgrace!
Right Minister: Stop crying about it!  This was the king's order! Men!  This is not a retreat! We will definitely take out the pirates inside the palace, and rescue the king! But first, we need to contact Fukaboshi and the other princes! As soon as we've gotten in touch with the princes, and got reinforcements from their troops, we will return to Ryuuguu Palace!
Guards: Yes, Sir!
Left Minister: What's the closest city?
Guard: Fishverly Hills.
Fishman: Watch out!
Narrator: Meanwhile, in the high class area of Fishman Island, Fishverly Hills.
Fishman: Run! Everyone line up! Hurry it up, unless you wanna die! That's... What do you expect us to do?! Step on it. What?! It's a test. Don't be absurd!
Ikaros: Silence!  This country will soon belong to Captain Hody -hi. Step on the fumi-e!
Fishman: Oh no... I couldn't...
Ikaros: Now, step on it!
Narrator: Northeast, in the Candy Factory City.
Fishman: C'mon, get to it!
Fishwoman: I-I can't. Forgive me!  I can't step on it!  Not on her face!
Fishman: Silence!
Daruma: You're a human-lover if you don't step on her face! In other words, you're our enemy!
Narrator: Southeast, in front of the Fish-People Cultural Center.
Fishman: No way!
Hyouzou: Hey! It should be an easy choice, right? Either you step on the fumi-e, or you leave the island.
Fishman: Don't be ridiculous! Damn it!  Don't we get a say in this?!
Hyouzou: Hurry it up.  If you don't like either choice... I've been told that I may kill you.
Narrator: At the Marine Shopping Mall in the east.
Fishman: Leave the country?!  That's nonsense! This is the only place on the ocean floor that gets sunlight! We can't live in the humans' world either!
Zeo: See?  You're aware of the humans' cruel discrimination against us.
Fishman: What?  What are you doing? What's going on?!
Zeo: Humans and fishmen living in harmony is nothing but a foolish fantasy. Just obey us, and bow down before King Hody. We will rule the humans, and change history!
Narrator: North, in the Waterwheel City.
Dosun: Dosun!
Fishman: Come on.  You're next. Just make it easy on yourself. I can't!
Dosun: I will crush anyone... who refuses to step on the fumi-e -dosun! It's you! Don't get in my way, Fukaboshi!
Fukaboshi: What do you think you're doing? Forcing the citizens of this country to step on a picture of my late mother?!
Narrator: And in the southeast, on Coral Hill, the place Luffy and the others just left.
Fishman: What should we do?! We let Vander Decken escape, and Princess Shirahoshi was abducted by the pirate with the straw hat right before our eyes! But the princess said she'd be back by dinner. You idiot!  He obviously forced her to say that! Apparently the people from the Fishman District are causing disturbances in several cities. What?! What's happening on this island?! Young mermaids are disappearing all over the island... What if the princess ends up being sold to the Celestial Dragons?!
Fishwoman: Hey!  Another young mermaid seems to have disappeared! How scary!
Fishman: This is awful!
Caribou: That's my doing... But more importantly, I just saw something amazing! Big Sized Mermaid! If a human-sized mermaid is worth seventy million beli... Then if I could capture that Mermaid Princess, who is seven or eight times as big... And then sell her off! It's such a huge sum, I can hardly even imagine it!
Mermaid: You...
Caribou: Why, good day to you!
Shirahoshi: Father.
Jinbe: It is alright, Princess Shirahoshi. Even if they manage to restrain the king, they won't get the chance to actually harm him.
Shirahoshi: Really?
Jinbe: Yes.  I promise I will save the king!
Shirahoshi: Alright.  Please do, Boss.
Jinbe: But I'd like some time to speak to Luffy-kun and his friends first.
Sanji: My dear ladies... I made tea.
Nami: Thanks.  Leave it there, Sanji-kun. Also, we're trying to have a serious conversation, so quit goofing around.
Sanji: Oh Nami-san, I love it when you're strict!
Caimie: You haven't changed, Sanji-chin.
Luffy: Delicious.
Sanji: I didn't make it for you!
Nami: So, Jinbe-san... What did you mean? You said you were the one who set Arlong loose on East Blue.
Hachi: Jinbe-san...
Jinbe: Yes.
Sanji: I heard about that. Long ago, when Luffy and I first heard about the Warlord Jinbe... Yosaku told us that.
Yosaku: In exchange for a place among the Seven Warlords of the Sea... Jinbe unleashed a terrible guy upon East Blue.
Luffy: Hmm, did he?
Sanji: Knowing you, you probably just forgot.
Luffy: I wonder how Yosaku's doing?
Sanji: Two years ago, when I read that article that said you and Jinbe were working together... It set question marks dancing around inside my head. I'd always assumed that Jinbe was the mastermind controlling Arlong from the shadows. Hey, Jinbe. If you have some excuse then I'm willing to listen... but choose your words carefully. There's no need to hide it. The hometown of our beautiful navigator Nami-san... was on the island that Arlong took over. As a result, she's been put through hell. If what you just said is true... then I will never forgive you.
Hachi: Jinbe-san...
Caimie: Hacchin!
Chopper: Your wounds will reopen!  You can't move around yet!
Hachi: It's true!  The scars we left her... are so deep that we can never be forgiven, no matter how much we apologize.
Nami: I'm going to travel across the oceans of the world, using my own navigational skills! And then I'll draw a map of the entire world, based on the things I've seen!
Bellemere: Then this map you drew of the island is the first step toward your dream?
Nami: Yeah!
Bellemere: I am your adopted mother, after all. You two are my precious family.
Man: Pirates!  Pirates are coming!
Arlong: Greetings... you disgusting, pitiful humans. From now on, this village... No, this entire island, belongs to me! One hundred thousand beli for each adult. Fifty thousand beli for every child. We will kill anyone who doesn't pay this tax!
Bellemere: I... can't say that I don't have a family. Even if it means I have to die. True, we're not related by blood... but we're still family. I want to be considered their mother, even if it's in name only. They are my children.
Arlong: Die for your ridiculous love.
Bellemere: Nojiko!  Nami! I love you.
Hachi: What's this?  A map?
Nami: Don't! I drew that map!  It's my treasure! Give it back!
Arlong: You drew this?
Nami: Give it back!
Nojiko: Don't, Nami!
Arlong: Very impressive. She will be useful.  Bring her along.
Hachi: Right.
Nami: No!  Let go!  Let go of me! No!  Don't!
Fishman: Why should I have to feed a human? Just shut up and keep drawing maps!
Arlong: Gather up one hundred million beli, and bring it here to me. If you can do that, I will release your village and set you free.
Pirate: Thief!  She stole our treasure! It's just a kid! I don't care!  Kill her! Damn it!  Chase her down!
Nami: Seventy million more. If I can get seventy million more beli, I can...
Arlong: Oh, I'm impressed that you came back. Heh, not like you had any other choice. Welcome back, my cartographer.
Jinbe: It sounds like you've suffered a lot.
Sanji: Don't talk like this doesn't concern you!
Nami: Indeed. Whatever happened to him, I'm never gonna feel sorry for Arlong. But, two years ago, before I came to the Sabaody Archipelago, I never knew... that the fishmen, despite their strength, were discriminated against by humans. When Caimie was kidnapped and we chased after her, I doubted my own eyes. Because I saw the Sabaody Park, and it looked exactly like the Arlong Park that Arlong built.
Hachi: We always longed for it. I'm not saying this because I want forgiveness, Nami. Arlong-san hated humans... He held a grudge against them. We went too far. But, ever since we were children... we longed for the world that humans lived in, and that's a fact. Both me, Arlong-san... and all the others. And yet, we hurt so many people...
Chopper: Hachi, don't strain yourself! I have some medicine to give you, so lay down.
Hachi: Apparently, in the past, humans and fishmen were divided... but then Ryuuguu Kingdom became a part of the World Government two hundred years ago. In order to form diplomatic ties with the humans... the king was given a place in the world council. But humans continued to hate fishmen.
Den: The worst time I've experienced in my life was when the Great Pirate Age began. I can still remember the fear of seeing human pirates coming and running wild on this island. I'll never forget it. Fishman Island was occupied by humans.
Jinbe: The one who saved us was the late old Whitebeard. The Old Man announced that he was making Fishman Island his turf, and peace returned to the island. But it didn't put an end to the humans' hate of fishmen. I'm sure you all saw it too, on Sabaody. The harsh reality. It's strange how it goes... Once someone has gained power, they are terrified of change. The Government decided that humans and fishmen should coexist. Yet the ones who held power and made that decision discriminated against us more than anyone else! The relationship between humans and fishmen didn't change at all. Because of that, two people rose up here on Fishman Island... in an attempt to put an end to this despicable history. The first one was Queen Otohime. Princess Shirahoshi's mother, who encouraged the islanders to live in peace with humans. And the other was the hero who freed the slaves... Fisher Tiger.
Luffy: Something Tiger... I think I've heard about him before.
Jinbe: He proclaimed that he would cut our ties with the humans... and he broke a worldwide taboo.  He went into the Holy Land of Mariejoa and attacked them, alone. He freed the slaves. And after that, he brought all the former fishman slaves together, and formed the Sun Pirates!
Sanji: Sun...
Jinbe: Indeed.  I, Arlong, and Hachi. Naturally, we were all... members of the Sun Pirates. However, having the fishman pirates out at sea, fiercely fighting against the World Government... made it harder for Queen Otohime, who was trying to unite humans and fishmen. Unlike Queen Otohime, who wanted to endure the present and change the future... Fisher Tiger abandoned such hopes for the future, and saved fishman slaves who suffered in the present. No one can say for sure which one was right. Let me tell you... about these two great people, who attempted to change the destiny between humans and fishmen. And about the screams of their souls.
Narrator: Queen Otohime, who tried to guide Ryuuguu Kingdom... toward a future where humans and fishmen could coexist. And the hero, Fisher Tiger, who attempted to free the slaves and fight back against the humans. The fates of these two, who both thought of the future of Fishman Island, overlapped... and a great event that would change history began!
