Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But there they find that the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and Vander Decken has been stalking the Mermaid Princess Shirahoshi. The Straw Hat Pirates find themselves drawn into these events.
Jinbe: Because of that, two people rose up here on Fishman Island... in an attempt to put an end to this despicable history. The first one was Queen Otohime. And the other was the hero who freed the slaves... Fisher Tiger. Let me tell you... about these two great people. And the screams of their souls. What I'm about to tell you... are the events that led to Arlong terrorizing East Blue. I hope that you, in particular, will listen closely.
Nami: Alright.
Jinbe: It all began... sixteen years ago.
Thief: Outta my way!
Bank-employee: I've been robbed! Somebody, please stop him! He's stolen a lot of money!
Thief: Hey, move it! I-If you come too close, I can't guarantee this girl's safety!
Right Minister: Your Majesty? Oh, Your Majesty!  Please wait! You mustn't keep involving yourself in these things! That is our job!
Guard: Please wait, Queen Otohime!
Thief: Who's that? Stay away!  Or I'll shoot! I... I warned you! I missed?! Damn!  Stay away!
Fishman: Is that... Otohime-sama?
Otohime: It hurts!
Fishman: That's the problem here?!
Otohime: My hand!
Right Minister: Doctor!
Doctor: Your Majesty!  Let me have a look. It's a compound fracture.
Fishman: From a single punch?
Otohime: I do not care.
Doctor: Q-Queen Otohime...
Thief: The Queen...
Otohime: Why would you commit such a vile act as robbery?!
Thief: Shut up!  What would you wealthy royals know?! I've got ten kids at home, and all of them crying because they're so hungry!
Otohime: That just makes it worse!
Right Minister: Y-Your Majesty!  Please, stop hitting him. You know your body is much weaker than the average person's!
Otohime: I do not care!  This is for his own good! Even if my hands are destroyed, I must make him understand! Do you think that children raised on stolen money can ever be truly happy?! A man should live a life that his children can be proud of! However... I wish to... apologize as well. I'm so sorry! I am your Queen... yet I did not see your suffering, even though we live in the same kingdom. The pain that you feel in your heart... also pierces through my heart. The hardship you've faced must have been terrible.
Thief: I... didn't want to do it either! But I didn't have any other choice! My store caught fire... Someone burned it down and stole all my money! I don't have a job, and my debt is terrible. My kids are famished and I feel so sorry for them!
Otohime: So that's why. I understand.  I understand completely. But it was still wrong!
Fishmen: Whaaaat?!
Otohime: If you do the same thing that was done to you, you'll just continue the chain of misfortune!
Thief: I'm sorry!
Otohime: Even so, please forgive me! We could not be there for you so the blame lies with us too!
Thief: No, you're too kind. I don't deserve such kind words.
Otohime: But it was still wrong!
Thief: I'm sorry!
Otohime: But it was still wrong!
Thief: I promise, I will change my ways! Thank you for crying for someone like me! Your Majesty!
Otohime: That is wonderful!  Please, do your best!
Fishman: It's exceptional just to have the royal family leave Ryuuguu Palace and walk around the kingdom. But for the sake of a single citizen, she's willing to shed tears and slap him. Otohime-sama truly is an unusual queen! Truly a loving person. Look!  Even the children adore her!
Children: Otohime-sama!
Otohime: I do this all for the sake of you children.
Fishmen: Whaaaat?!
Otohime: Your nose is running. For your sake, I had to slap you! You look like a fool, with snot running out of one nostril. If your nose is going to run, it should run out of both nostrils.
Fishman: It's so touching! Is it?
Jinbe: A passionately loving person. Queen Otohime would come down from Ryuuguu Palace every day, and appeal to the citizens of the kingdom.
Otohime: We must bring Ryuuguu Kingdom up to the surface! "The color of their skin is different. So is the shape of their bodies." We should not wait for the humans, who think like that, to understand us. Instead, we should approach them ourselves and learn about their ways! There are ten thousand meters between the sea floor and the surface. The same distance separates the humans' way of thinking and our own. Do not misunderstand! The humans who come to this island are a certain type of humans called pirates. And the ones who buy people from slave traders are an elite minority called Nobles. We are biased because we only come into contact with certain kinds of humans. We still do not know anything about them. Certainly, there must be many kind-hearted humans up on the surface as well! We will bring our kingdom up there, so that we may live together under the same sun! At this year's world council meeting, let us express our wish to emigrate into their world! All of you, please sign this petition.
Fishman: I don't know... Even if it's you asking, Queen Otohime. Compromising with the humans.  I just don't know.
Otohime: You should not say that. Rather than never trying because we think it can't be done, we should take the first step ourselves! Now, then!
Fishman: I'm sorry.
Jinbe: It's no use.  History has already given its answer.
Otohime: I'm back, children.
Tha Princes: Welcome home, Mother!
Otohime: I'm back, Shirahoshi. Ah, Shirahoshi, my oasis of peace. I am sorry for being late. My, you have snot hanging out of your nose, and yet you are still so cute.
Fukaboshi: We were with her the whole time, so she's alright, Mother!
Princes: She's alright, she's alright!
Otohime: Thank you, my dear princes.
Manboshi: Mother, is your hand alright?
Otohime: Oh, this is nothing to worry about. Your mother will change the future you will live in!
Left Minister: If Her Majesty wants to give a speech, she should just do a video broadcast.
Neptune: It's because of the Haki of Perception that she was born with -jamon. She doesn't want to talk from a palace up in the sky, but to face them directly, close enough to feel their hearts. That is what Otohime believes is right. Even I cannot stop her.
Right Minister: But there are so many human pirates on the island.
Left Minister: Even if we're being protected by the authority of your friend, the pirate Whitebeard, you never know what might happen.
Neptune: She's aware of that. The world that Otohime dreams of is an ambition from several hundred years ago. Our distant ancestors had the same dream, but they were never able to realize it during their time.
Left Minister: What do you mean?!
Neptune: I cannot stop Otohime. Make sure to protect her for me.
Right Minister: Yes, Sir!
Pirate: Hey, fishgirl!
Fisherwoman: Ah, yes?
Pirate: Come over here and entertain us!
Fisherwoman: I'm sorry.  That's not what we do here.
Pirate: Huh?!  Don't go acting all high-and-mighty! You're just a pathetic fishman! What?  Anyone got a problem with that?
Jinbe: Why don't you shut up? You're spoiling my drink.
Nami: This Otohime-san was a pretty strange person, wasn't she?
Chopper: You cry all the time... Is that something you got from your mother?
Shirahoshi: Well... W-Who knows.
Sanji: So you were a soldier in this country?
Jinbe: It was pretty much the only option I had, growing up in the Fishman District and only knowing how to fight.
Sanji: The Fishman District?
Chopper: Hachi, isn't that where you're from, too? It sounds like a kind of scary place.
Jinbe: Indeed... Though in the past, it used to be a giant orphanage that took care of the children that didn't have relatives. But before long, the inhabitants began to fight and it became too much for the administration to handle. It has turned into a lawless zone where all the outcasts from Fishman Island gather. The man who used to be the leader of the Fishman District, Fisher Tiger, eventually left the country to go on an adventure. And I, who was supposed to succeed him, joined the royal army. The Macro Crew, despite being fishmen, went on to become slave traders themselves. And the others... They all went their own separate ways. And then, one day...
Mermaid: Please, give it back!
Arlong: If you want it back, then why don't you try taking it?
Fishman: Give it back! Do you have any idea how many signatures there are on those sheets?!
Arlong: Why should I care how many signatures there are?! What good will gathering a few sheets of paper do?  Huh?!
Guard: Hey, stop right there! You're Arlong from the Fishman District, aren't you?!
Arlong: Arlong from the Fishman District?
Guard: L-Let me go!
Arlong: That's not quite right. I'm Captain Arlong, of the Arlong Pirates! I live by hunting those inferior pirates... who have the run of this place even though they can't breathe underwater. I'm hunting down pirates in your place! The Neptune Army should pay me to show their gratitude!
Guard: B-Boss Jinbe... Don't just sit there and watch.  Help me!
Arlong: Jinbe?
Jinbe: Hey, hoodlum.  Let go of that rookie! He happens to be my underling. Oh, and while I have no interest in that paper with the signatures on it, it's really important to the Queen.  So give it back!
Fishman: It's Boss Jinbe from the Neptune Army! We're saved!
Arlong: Boss, huh?  That's a good title for you! You won't find another soldier that acts more like a mafia boss, after all!
Jinbe: Do as I say, Arlong!
Arlong: Fine, I got it.  Here. Here you go! Now, don't be so upset, Brother.
Fishman: B-Brother?
Arlong: Long time, no see.  We're comrades from the Fishman District, aren't we?
Jinbe: Don't lump me in with you. You're still a pirate?  Scum!
Arlong: Don't call me scum, Brother!
Jinbe: Then is trash better?
Arlong: Trash?! I thought of you like a brother, but you still speak to me like that?
Fishman: Hey, everyone!  It's Fisher Tiger-san, the adventurer! Tiger-san has returned! Tiger-san! Tell us about your voyage!
Jinbe: Brother Ti!
Arlong: Big Brother!
Tiger: Jinbe, Arlong!  You look like you're doing well.
Jinbe: Your journey was quite long this time.
Tiger: Yeah.  A lot of things happened.
Arlong: Come to my ship!
Tiger: Sure, later.  First of all, I have some business at Ryuuguu Palace.
Jinbe: Then allow me to take you there. Looks like he has no business with pirates.
Arlong: What?!  Big Brother never said anything like that!
Tiger: Try to get along, will you?
Neptune: You want to free the slaves? Are you serious?
Tiger: As serious as I'll ever be. I can't take it anymore. Being a slave is living hell. Even now, as we speak, I'm sure they're being treated in utterly inhumane ways.
Neptune: But still...
Tiger: I've made up my mind. I just wanted to inform you in advance, since I know it'll cause you and the Queen trouble. Please, don't tell anyone about this.
Neptune: You... What did you see on your latest voyage?
Tiger: Humans.
Jinbe: And not long after that, a major incident occurred.
Fishman: Big news!
Jinbe: What happened?
Fishman: B-Boss Jinbe! T-Tiger-san... attacked the Celestial Dragons!
Jinbe: The Celestial Dragons?! Fisher Tiger attacked the Holy Land, Mariejoa. He came to be known as the hero who freed the slaves. At the same time, he was labeled a dangerous criminal. As of this moment, I am resigning.
Right Minister: Jinbe!  Are you going to abandon your duties in the army?!
Jinbe: The duty of protecting the island suited me better than I thought it would. However, there are times when one's morals are more important than one's duty!
Arlong: Big Brother Ti has finally done it! The Arlong Pirates will join with Fisher Tiger immediately! Let's go, men!
Jinbe: And so the former outcasts of the Fishman District, who all looked up to him, gathered together.
Arlong: Welcome to the pirate business.
Tiger: From now on, the world itself will be our enemy. All who are prepared for this, step forward!
Jinbe: To avoid discrimination between the former slaves who Tiger had freed and those who came freely... every member of the crew branded the emblem of the sun where it would hide the marks of slavery. The fishmen had formed the Sun Pirates.
Narrator: Fisher Tiger has a fateful encounter with a girl who lived through a cruel reality!
