Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But there they find that the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and Vander Decken has been stalking the Mermaid Princess Shirahoshi. The Straw Hat Pirates find themselves drawn into these events. Luffy has reunited with Jinbe.  And now, with Nami, Sanji, Chopper, Franky, and the others, we hear about the events that led to Fishman Island's current state.
Jinbe: Fisher Tiger's assault on the Holy Land of Mariejoa, and the news of the Sun Pirates' growing strength... profoundly changed the future of all fishmen.
Neptune: So he really went and did it. Fishman Island's standing has fallen once more. We probably won't even be able to attend this year's world council meeting. What should we do about this?
Otohime: But, on that day... I couldn't have stopped him.
Neptune: You... What did you see on your latest voyage?
Tiger: Humans.
Otohime: When I listened to his heartfelt voice, it was screaming terribly.
Newsman: Extra!  Extra!  Breaking news!
Fishman: He made a surprise attack on the Celestial Dragons.  People aren't even supposed to touch them! That's Fisher Tiger, the hero of Fishman Island! Amazing!  A fishman's made history!
Otohime: Everyone, please listen!
Fishman: Oh, it's Queen Otohime! This again?
Otohime: We were all afraid.  We ran away and hid ourselves. But what have we learned from that? Just because some human nobles have committed unforgivable crimes against us, Fishmankind must not start mercilessly killing all humans. Now then, let us try to coexist with the humans. Let us try to learn more about the surface dwellers who live under the shining sun.
Fishman: We know more than enough about them. Yeah, I feel bad for the Queen, but...
Otohime: You two, over there! Sign this.
Fishman: I can't, Otohime-sama. Right now, everyone on the island is in support of Tiger's amazing feat. This incident's going to mean a complete separation from the humans. But the humans are obviously in the wrong... So right now, we just can't...
Otohime: If it's impossible now then we can wait seven, eleven, or even fifteen years.  Whatever it takes. For the day when this country participates in the world council meeting again... Please!  Sign this form!  Please!
Hody: Fisher Tiger's amazing! Just like when he was boss of the Fishman District. It says the Celestial Dragons are really pissed off. You know, those Celestial Dragons.
Others: Oh yeah?!
Zeo: He took out those sickening humans.
Daruma: All humans are trash. Just like Arlong-san always says. They really are inferior!
Dosun: The Sun Pirates on the surface, going wherever they want and beating up all the humans -dosun. They're amazing -dosun.
Ikaros: If we were stronger, we could have gone up there with them -hi.
Hody: Great!  Great!  One day, I'll join 'em! Take them out, Sun Pirates!  Kill the human scum!
Everyone: Yeah!
Hachi: Boss!  Boss!  An enemy ship's been spotted -nyuu! Boss!  Boss!  Boss! Boss Ti!  There's trouble!
Arlong: Man, shut up, Hachi!
Jinbe: Why don't you calm down?
Tiger: You sure are noisy.  Is it the Navy?
Hachi: Nyuu-  they're flying Navy colors!
Jinbe: What'll you do, Boss?
Tiger: You gotta ask?!
Kadaru: There's no mistake, it's the Sun Pirates. Take Tiger's head!
Arlong: You missed!
Marine: Fire!
Kadaru: What're you doing?!  Aim properly!
Marine: But they're submerged under the water!
Arlong: Whoops.
Kadaru: You damn fishmen! Hand over all the runaway slaves! Then maybe we'll overlook your crimes.
Marine: R-Rear Admiral... T-They're attacking through the hull.
Kadaru: What?!
Officer: You guys! Quietly hand over the slaves! What you're doing is a major crime! Attacking humans?  Fishmen should know their place!
Jinbe: What was that?  Say it again. Just try to say it again!
Marine: Help...
Jinbe: Damn slavery is okay, but liberation's a crime? And she wants us to love the humans? That Queen Otohime...
Kadaru: Fire!  Fire! Aim and fire!  We've got the intel! You're harboring runaway slaves! N-No way?!
Tiger: Runaway slaves, you say?
Kadaru: Is he a monster?! Do you see any evidence of them here? Look at all of our bodies. The mark that runaway slaves are supposed to have... Do you see anyone here with it? Lemme go!  Stop it!  What're you doing?! No!  Help!
Tiger: Relax.  I'm going to let you go. I'm not like you humans. Listen up men! Grab their loot and food, and get back to our ship!
Arlong: I sentence you to death. Human, your very existence is an inexcusable crime.
Tiger: Hold it!  Arlong!
Arlong: Die!
Kadar: Vice-Admiral Borsalino... Unit G2, Rear Admiral Kadaru's ship... has been lost.
Kizaru: Oh?  Why'd they try to fight them? I told them to just report their location.
Kadar: They're saying that if you get close enough to see them then they'll surround you.
Kizaru: Oh, how scary... Guess I shouldn't expect any less from underwater professionals. So?  What kind of people were on the ship?
Kadar: Sir. Some pirates who were recently on the sea floor near Fishman Island, Arlong's crew, are on the ship. Since they're naturally adept at fighting in the water, it's difficult to measure their combat abilities.
Kizaru: Arlong... I've heard the rumors.
Kadar: There's also talk of another strongly built man in Tiger's ranks. He's incredibly strong, but we don't even know his name.
Kizaru: Oh, how troubling.
Arlong: That hurt! What's that for?! Just because I took out one or two of pieces of inferior trash?!
Tiger: You two went too far. We're not some band of common murderers. Don't get carried away!
Jinbe: But, Brother Ti... I mean, Boss, they were shooting to kill you. It's only natural that we should hit them back just as hard! It makes us mad, after all!
Tiger: We lose if we kill them. Do you want to become like them?! This isn't a mission of revenge for the history of segregation. What I did at Mariejoa wasn't either. I may have broken their ridiculous laws, but it was only to free those who were being oppressed! The Sun Pirates fight for freedom and liberty. Nothing else! If we hold onto grudges and start taking revenge on the humans, it will just spawn more tragedy since the humans will try to get revenge in turn. Future fishmen, innocent of any crime, will be punished for the crimes of their ancestors! Don't you understand?! We can fight and steal from those who pursue us, but that's the line. We don't kill anyone!
Arlong: I've been wanting to say something to you for a while now, Big Brother. Worried about the humans taking revenge? If they try to take revenge, we can just kill them! We should be so brutal that the humans tremble in fear before us! If we do that, they won't even think of striking back. They just don't know about the strength and ruthlessness of fishmen. We should burn it into their eyes... Fear us! What the hell're you doing?!
Tiger: Jinbe?
Jinbe: Arlong's hostility is troubling, isn't it?
Tiger: It's understandable. Actually, I don't really have any right to talk like I do.
Jinbe: Brother Ti.
Tiger: Jinbe, Queen Otohime's campaign is the ideal solution. To her, what's the difference between me and Arlong? The thing that scares me the most is the demon living in my heart.
Jinbe: At that time, I didn't understand the true meaning behind the boss's words.
Hachi: Nyuu- A pirate ship!
Fishman: That's a huge ship! They're trying to get famous by defeating us. So now we have to deal with guys like this too?
Jinbe: If we keep sinking them, they'll stop coming eventually. We were wanted by the Government and had to fight every day. Queen Otohime also tried to fight against the world in her own way.
Otohime: Sign it!
Fishman: To live together with the humans? We'll pass, Your Majesty.
Otohime: Sign it!
Hachi: Hey!  Bounties have been placed on Boss Ti's and Jinbe-san's heads!
Arlong: What?! Wow!  230 million beli! And Jinbe's at 76 million beli!
Hody: Wanted posters! It looks like their bounties have gone up!  Wow!
Zeo: Looks like the World Government is shaking in their boots.
Daruma: Down with the Navy!
Otohime: Sign it!
Fishman: Give me a break!
Jinbe: It was like that for three years. But then I encountered a girl on a certain island.
Man: Will you do us a favor? Three years ago, when you freed us slaves, this girl escaped from Mariejoa with us. As you can see.
exSlave: But the town where her family lives is quite far from here. We wanted to take her but we can't sail these dangerous seas.
Koala: I'm Koala.  I'm eleven years old. Thank you very much for saving me three years ago.
Arlong: Even if she's just a kid, she's still human!  Disgusting! Why'd you let a human on the same ship as us?
Tiger: It's progress. Quit grinning like that!  You're really pissing me off!
Hachi: Arlong-san! Arlong-san!
Arlong: Lemme go, Hachi!  I'm not finished!
Chu: Indeed.  She never stops smiling, and it's kind of creepy.
Arlong: You?
Koala: I'm sorry.  I'll work. I'll do all the cleaning and never stop to rest, so please do not hit me. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.
Jinbe: What're you doing?
Koala: I'm sorry. I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.
Jinbe: Hey, you're bleeding.
Koala: I'm sorry. No matter what, I won't cry.  So please don't kill me.
Jinbe: Hey, you can stop that.  Do you think we're so scary?
Koala: Yes, but I want to see my mother. So I grit my teeth and boarded your ship. If I take a break, you might kill me, right? I'll make myself useful, so please do not kill me.
Aladdin: She knows nothing other than slavery. A slave may be killed for something as trivial as crying. They can also be killed for taking a break from cleaning. They're always thinking, "Maybe I'm next." They live in continual fear but won't show it.
Pirate: Boss.
Koala: I beg you, please do not kill me.  I will do anything.
Tiger: Bring this kid to my room.
Pirate: What're they doing in there? Giving her a lecture won't help.  Her spirit's been broken.
Koala: Boss!  What're you doing in there!
Tiger: Cauterizing the wound. It's violent, but as long as she bore the mark she'd never forget things that are best forgotten.
Hachi: Hey, are you alive? Oh, she's awake!
Koala: It seems I fainted.  I'm sorry. But look, I didn't cry.  So please do not kill me. No matter what you do to me, I won't cry.  So please do not kill me.
