Narrator: Someone once said... That there are fruit which ordain the eater with special abilities. Devil Fruits. And among them is one that makes the eater's body become like rubber, the Gomu Gomu Fruit. The world is in the Gourmet Age. Just kidding, it's the Great Age of Pirates. The age of venturing to find the Great Treasure, One Piece.
Title: The Reunion of Toriko and Luffy! Find the Seafood Fruit!
Komatsu: The Haru Sharks really aren't biting.
Toriko: Don't be in a rush, Komatsu. This is only the third day. Remember, Haru Shark Soup is insanely delicious. I'm lookin' forward to it. Komatsu.
Komatsu: Yes?
Toriko: It's here.
Komatsu: To-Toriko-san!
Toriko: This is a big one!
Komatsu: Yeah. There it is!
Toriko: It's the Haru Shark!
Komatsu: Yeah!
Sign: m 0 0 l 545 0 l 545 145 l 0 145 Haru Shark (Harusame) (Fish) Capture Level - 10
Komatsu: Toriko-san, it's glistening brilliantly!
Toriko: That means it's carrying tons of eggs! I give thanks to all of the ingredients in this world. Itadakimasu!
Komatsu: The Knocking worked! You really did it.
Toriko: Let's hurry back and cook it up, Komatsu!
Komatsu: Yep!
Toriko: What's wrong, Terry?
Komatsu: That can't be.
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Rocket!
T/N: ( Gomu Gomu no Rocket = Rubber Rubber Rocket )
Luffy: All right! Ahh, that surprised me.
Komatsu: We're the ones who're surprised! What're you doing, Luffy-san?!
Luffy: Oh? If it ain't Toriko and Komatsu? It's really been a while.
Toriko: Yeah. Well, you certainly seem as spirited as ever.
Komatsu: Why were you inside the Haru Shark?
Luffy: Huh? This guy? He's... Oh yeah. You came at a good time. I've got a favor to ask.
Komatsu: Chopper-san is sick?!
Chopper: I caught a disease sailors get while on long voyages, Deep Sea Fever.
Komatsu: Deep Sea Fever?
Chopper: Yeah. It's an illness that makes you gradually colder and colder like the water of the deep sea and then you turn blue like the ocean.
Nami: And it seems we need a Seafood Fruit in order to cure him.
Toriko: Seafood Fruit, huh?
Usopp: We heard it grows in the ocean, and Luffy jumped into the sea without thinking 'bout the consequences.
Komatsu: So... He was eaten by a Haru Shark?
Usopp: Yeah.
Toriko: Toriko, do you know where we could find a Seafood Fruit? I've heard of it before. The Seafood Fruit is on an island overflowing with Chinese food, Touchuuka Island.
Sanji: Touchuuka Island?
Toriko: It's an island of the idea "food and medicine have the same source", where many ingredients that are good for your body are located.
T/N: ( That proverb is traditionally Chinese and was later adapted to Japanese. It's basis of the idea of Chinese Food Therapy. )
Toriko: The Seafood Fruit is a legendary fruit said to be packed full of the essence of spiny lobster, snapper, puffer fish, and all different kinds of seafood. I want to eat some of it, too!
Luffy: Okay! Let's head off to Touchuuka Island!
Guys: Yeah!
Luffy: Is that Touchuuka Island?
Toriko: Yeah. No doubt about it. It's overflowing with the smells of good ingredients.
Usopp: Hey, that looks like a man-made building over there. Walls?
Toriko: There were humans here long ago. But they were chased out. The ingredients living on that island can be made into medicine. A great number of humans took up residence here in order to obtain them. But those humans themselves were seen as the most harmful creatures by the island's native monsters, and were chased out, it seems.
Komatsu: Are you doing okay, Chopper-san? Maybe you should stay back on the boat.
Chopper: I'm the only one who's seen images of what the Seafood Fruit looks like at the Torino Kingdom library. Toriko says he's never seen it either.
Usopp: Chopper.
Brook: Will they be all right?
Franky: All we can do is wait and see.
Brook: That smells good.
Usopp: What're you making, Sanji?
Sanji: Haru Shark Soup.
Usopp: Looks tasty!
Sanji: The only thing I can do to help out is to have some warm food ready for Chopper when he gets back.
Usopp: Sanji...
Franky: Are you trying to make us cry?!
Brook: I'm so moved, I'm getting misty eyed. Even though I don't have any eyes.
Sanji: Don't let it beat you, Chopper.
Chopper: So cold...
Komatsu: Chopper-san, your face!
Chopper: Eh? How's it look?
Komatsu: The blue areas are spreading.
Nami: Chopper.
Chopper: I told you, I'll get blue like the sea.
Toriko: Nice one, Terry.
Nami: Ah! That scared me.
Luffy: What're these guys?
Both: Guys?
Nami: Th-There are tons of them!
Luffy: Awesome! They use kenpou?!
Toriko: These are KyuuKung Fu Birds.
T/N: (KyuuKung Fu Bird is a pun on "Kyuukanchou" meaning "Common Hill Myna" and "Kung Fu", the martial art. )
Nami: What's that?
Toriko: Normal hill myna's mimic voices, but these guys mimic movements.
Komatsu: So they must've mimicked the kung fu of the humans that used to live here.
Sign: m 0 0 l 545 0 l 545 145 l 0 145 Kyuukung Fu Bird (Bird Beast) Est. Capture Level - 20
Nami: So they're just regular mocking birds?!
Luffy: Do they taste good?
Toriko: No, they're not edible.
Luffy: I see. Gomu Gomu no Fuusen!
T/N: ( Gomu Gomu no Fuusen = Rubber Rubber Balloon )
Luffy: Zoro, don't cut them.
Zoro: Whadda ya mean?
Luffy: It's Toriko's rule, right?
Toriko: Yeah. I don't take the lives of things I can't eat.
Zoro: Then here I go! That's some decent kung fu. But you still haven't had enough training.
Robin: Cien Fleur Spider Net!
T/N: ( Cien Fleur = 100 Flowers )
Robin: Calm down a bit, won't you?
Luffy: Gear Third!
Guys: Yummy!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no Gigant Hae Tataki!
T/N: ( Gomu Gomu no Gigant Hae Tataki = Rubber Rubber Giant Flyswatter )
Komatsu: Amazing! I knew we could count on you, Luffy-san.
Luffy: So, you guys, still wanna fight? What?
Toriko: Looks like these guys want to become your disciples, Luffy.
Luffy: Disciples?
Zoro: These animals look kinda familiar.
Nami: The Kung Fu Dugongs in Alabasta, right?
Luffy: Okay! From now on, you guys are my disciples. Now lead me to your nest!
Nami: This is a nest?
Robin: It's clearly a man-made structure. They seem to have taken up residence in the buildings left vacant by the humans.
Komatsu: So these are what the KyuuKung Fu Birds eat, huh?
Toriko: These are fish that have an elastic texture like lychee, Lychesturgeons.
Komatsu: These are the high-class ingredient said to sparkle like stars in the sea, Star Abalones.
Luffy: Isn't there any meat?
Toriko: Nope, only things from the sea.
Luffy: What?
Toriko: We're looking for the Seafood Fruit. Heard of it?
Komatsu: Looks like they haven't.
Robin: This is...
Komatsu: Chopper-san, I brought you some thin rice porridge.
Chopper: Sorry, Komatsu. I don't have any appetite.
Luffy: Mm! This is delicious! Komatsu, another bowl!
Komatsu: Sure, here!
Luffy: Yum!
Nami: It's true. The stock really works, it's great!
Komatsu: There's plenty more, if you want. How about you, Toriko-san...? What's wrong, Toriko-san?
Toriko: We're running out of time. Unless we find the Seafood Fruit soon, it'll be too late for Chopper. His body is getting bluer by the minute. Once it's turned completely blue, he'll... Which means we need to give it our all today with the time we have left.
Nami: No way...
Luffy: Chopper isn't gonna die! I'll find the Seafood Fruit no matter what!
Toriko: We don't have any time to waste. C'mon, let's get searching.
Komatsu: Right.
Robin: I found a stone monument a bit past here.
Nami: Robin.
Robin: And the inscription on it may be a clue. "The fruit is born in the sea that floods the island."
Toriko: Sea that floods the island?
Komatsu: What could that mean?
Toriko: A sea... on the island? Where'd you find these Seashore Nunchucks?
Komatsu: Oh, those? I picked them up at a river a little while ago.
Toriko: That's it, Komatsu! The Seashore Nunchucks are in the sea. They don't grow in fresh water.
Nami: Then this river is... salty!
Robin: The words "sea that floods" must have been referencing the mouth of the river on top of the mountain.
Toriko: This is...
Robin: By the looks of it, it's a flood gate.
Luffy: There's somebody strong here.
Toriko: Sure is. Somebody that's quiet, but holds an overwhelming strength. Maybe the master of this island.
Nami: We need to hurry or Chopper will...
Toriko: This guy is...
Sign: m 0 0 l 545 0 l 545 145 l 0 145 Extract Panda (Mammal Beast) Capture Level - Unknown
Toriko: An Extract Panda! The sweat it perspires is said to be like a thick Chinese spice extract.
Zoro: Leave this guy to me, you guys go ahead.
Luffy: Gotcha!
Zoro: That's a pretty nice expression.
Luffy: This is more like a tunnel than a gate.
Nami: Incredible... What's going on here?
Robin: It's almost like it's a reservoir.
Toriko: But all the fish swimming in it are saltwater ones.
Robin: Hey, look.
Komatsu: Ah, those fruit! Chopper-san, are those Seafood Fruit?
Chopper: That's it. The Seafood Fruit.
Toriko: So those are the legendary Seafood Fruits?
Luffy: Okay, let's get picking!
Nami: Robin!
Luffy: What's that?!
Nami: Luffy, it got Robin!
Komatsu: Devil Fruit users can't go into water, right?!
Luffy: Yeah. If we go into the water our bodies lose their strength and we can't use our abilities either. Robin!
Toriko: That's the plant beast that dwells in the water, the Mangronve. I'd heard that the Mangronve had Chinese steamed bun-like fruits growing on it, but... m 0 0 l 545 0 l 545 145 l 0 145 Mangronve (Plant Beast) Capture Level - Unknown I'd never have thought that was the Seafood Fruit.
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Gattling! Gomu Gomu no Bazooka!
Komatsu: All right!
Luffy: Thanks, Toriko.
Toriko: It regenerated?
Luffy: What?
Toriko: This facility may have been built in order to give birth to Mangronves. The Mangronve takes nutrients from the rich sea water causing it to grow and evolve. The facility most likely condenses water from the sea in order to help the Mangronve evolve.
Luffy: Quit it with the water! Gomu Gomu no... Y-You bastard, that's dirty!
Toriko: Luffy!
Luffy: This is bad... I'm losing strength...
Toriko: Luffy!
Komatsu: Toriko-san! Toriko-san!
Nami: Toriko!
Chopper: Toriko... Robin... Luffy... For me... For me, you're...
Toriko: Don't cry Chopper. It's not just for you. Unless you get better, we won't be able to enjoy the food we've gone through so much to get. Food is something that tastes distinctly more delicious when eaten with others. Chopper, you're going to get better and we're all going to enjoy those fruits together.
Chopper: Toriko...
Toriko: Just leave it to us!
Luffy: I got out!
Robin: Treinta Fleur!
Luffy: Robin! There! Hew! Are you okay?
Robin: Yeah.
Toriko: Let's finish this, Luffy.
Luffy: How about we do it in one shot, Toriko? Gomu Gomu no...
Guys: All right!
Komatsu: Should be about time. Okay, eat up, Chopper-san. It's the Seafood Fruit.
Luffy: How do you feel, Chopper?
Nami: Chopper?
Choppy: Yummy! Incredible! I'm super warm and bubbly now!
Luffy: Glad to hear it, Chopper.
Chopper: Thank you so much, everyone. That was really tasty!
Zoro: Sounds like they settled things.
Komatsu: I'm so glad.
Chopper: So yummy!
Toriko: Didn't I tell you? Eating with everyone is the best, Chopper.
Chopper: Yeah, it is!
Brook: Oh. Sounds like a party.
Sanji: It looks like they managed to get Chopper back to health. That's a relief.
Usopp: Well, in that case, let's have a party of our own!
Franky: We haven't got any Haru Shark Soup left, though!
Sanji: Give it a rest, you guys!
Both: I'm stuffed!
Toriko: Okay, how about some dessert?
Luffy: Sure.
Nami: Wait, you can still eat? I can't believe it...
Komatsu: Huh? Chopper-san? What's wrong? Huh? Your body turned bright red!
Chopper: Komatsu... I wasn't cured... It was too late...
Komatsu: Chopper-san!
Tina: The Melk Stardust. If it's for a kitchen knife, we climb! 20,000 steps... Climbing, again?!
Title: Shock! The Broken Knife and Sharpener Melk! Next time will be a heaping helping of fun, too!
Luffy&Toriko: There's still more to come!
Narrator: Toriko and Komatsu reunited with Luffy when he appeared from inside a Haru Shark. Everyone went after the Seafood Fruit that would cure Chopper's illness, Deep Sea Fever, on the island in which "food and medicine have the same source", Touchuuka Island. Combining their strengths, they defeated the wild beasts on the island and magnificently captured the Seafood Fruit which they gave to Chopper to eat. However... Chopper's illness was not cured.
Everyone: Chopper!
Title: Forming a Team! Save Chopper!
Komatsu: Isn't there anything we can do?
Toriko: Well, we don't know the cause...
Komatsu: Wh-Why is the Sunny here?!
Franky: We flew here with a Coup de Burst. We heard from these guys that there was a sea in the middle of the island.
Toriko: Coco! Sani! Rin! Even Kiss!?
Rin: Toriko! I was so worried!
Toriko: Why're you guys here?
Coco: My fortune telling predicted that danger was approaching you guys. I thought it meant Toriko or Komatsu-kun but... It seems that I was wrong.
Sani: The Sunny? Yay! Amazing! That was some beaut'ful flying! The Sunny has such a great name!
Sanji: We didn't talk much before so I didn't notice, but you're a pretty weird guy, ain'cha?
Sani: You're one to talk, with your curly eyebrow.
Sanji: What was that?! I don't wanna hear that from you!
Sani: What?! Is this Deep Sea Fever?
Toriko: You know about it?
Sani: Yes. I heard of it in the city of healing, Life. First, you get cold and turn blue like the deep sea. And in the final stages, you turn red and warm like the sun shining in the sky. The peak is at sunrise. Death comes together with the rising sun.
Komatsu: Sunrise? We've only got a few hours left! This is really bad!
Sani: Well, there is a way to save him. The legendary fruit, the Seafood Fruit...
Luffy: We tried that already.
Coco: Just eating the fruit isn't enough. Spring, summer, autumn, winter. You need to gather the four legendary ingredients of each season and eat them together.
Nami: Legendary ingredients of each season?
Coco: Yes. Of them, the one said to be most difficult to capture is... the one that blooms in Spring, the Mango Quince.
Toriko: Mango Quince? The sweet quince flower that tastes like mango pudding. It's also called the notifier of spring's arrival, Spring Pudding. I've heard its sweetness blows away fatigue and it's an excellent nutritional fortifier. I wanna eat it!
Komatsu: Toriko-san, you're drooling!
Nami: Blooms in spring?! Hang on a sec! Does that mean we have to go to a Spring Island and a Winter Island now? There's no way we can do that in a few hours!
Coco: Don't worry. This is the island of food and medicine, Touchuuka Island. Let's go see if the legend about this island is true!
Zoro: Are they really gonna be in a place like this? The four ingredients?
Coco: Do you feel it, too, Terry? As I expected, I can sense strong electromagnetic waves coming from this area. Toriko! I'm certain this is the spot!
Toriko: Okay! I just need to get it out from under the ground! This is...
Luffy: Awesome! It's a giant mushroom tower!
Coco: I see. Mush Room, huh?
Sanji: Mushroom?
Coco: Mush Room is split into rooms like a tower, and each floor differs in season.
Sign: Winter Autumn Summer Spring
Toriko: Okay. So you're saying we just need to get the seasonal ingredients on each floor, right?
Nami: Why was something like this in the ground?
Sani: This island...
Sign: m 0 0 l 545 0 l 545 145 l 0 145 Touchuuka Island (Tou (塔) - island, chuu (中) - inside, chuuka (中華) - China)
Sani: its name is written as "a China island with a tower in it", and is read as Touchuuka Island. This tower is the keystone of the island; its center.
Brook: But these people are certainly quite well informed about food ingredients. Truly reliable!
Komatsu: Toriko-san, Coco-san, and Sani-san are charismatic Bishokuya known as the Gourmet Four Heavenly Kings.
Brook: Four Heavenly Kings, eh? Is there one other fellow not here?
Toriko: That's because Zebra is in jail right now.
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Pistol! Nami, you take care of Chopper!
Nami: Right! With these guys here, I'll be fine! Leave it to me!
Luffy: Okay, let's go!
Guys: Right!
Luffy: So hot!
Toriko: It's like we're in the tropics! So this is the Summer Floor?
Usopp: But why's it so bright without even having any windows?
Coco: Ah, that's due to the Lightshrooms growing on the walls.
Toriko: You okay, Komatsu?!
Komatsu: Compared to Chopper-san's fever, this much heat is nothing!
Sign: m 0 0 l 545 0 l 545 145 l 0 145 Torabanjyan (Mammal Beast) Capture Level - 29
Komatsu: A-A beast popped up!
Toriko: Oh, a Torabanjyan, huh? You can get a full-bodied, thick and aged toubanjyan from them.
Coco: The Torabanjyan is the first ingredient.
Zoro: Oh?
Brook: We don't have time. Perhaps we should consider splitting up the floors amongst us?
Rin: I agree with that!
Sani/Sanji: Then I'll head up! You, too?!
Luffy: You two sure get along well.
Both: No we don't!
Brook: Luffy-san and all of you! Just leave this floor to us!
Usopp: Nooo!! Why am I the only one it's chasing?!
Komatsu: Hup! This is... the autumn floor?
Rin: Toriko, leave this place to me!
Both: I'll stay here, too!
Luffy: You guys seriously do get along.
Both: We're telling you, we don't!
Sanji: Quit copying me! I'm staying here with Rin-chan!
Sani: No, no... I decided to stay here first. I have an interest in the ingredients on this floor!
Franky: What kind of ingredients? Sounds kinda interesting.
Toriko: Then we'll let you guys handle it!
Rin: Toriko! It seems like the food to capture on the next floor is sake!
Toriko: Got it, Rin! I'm counting on you for this floor!
Rin: Toriko's counting on me!
Franky: So what's supposed to show up?
Sani: Have you heard of unicorns?
Franky: Unicorns? The horses with a horn on their forehead?
Sani: Yes, they're beaut'ful! The legendary horse overflowing with a sense of fantasy, the unicorn. But the beast here is not a unicorn, it's a horse with eight horns, an Octocorn! I'm looking forward to it.
Rin: Do you mean that?
Sign: m 0 0 l 545 0 l 545 145 l 0 145 Octocorn (a.k.a. 8-Horned Wild Boar) (Mammal Beast) Capture Level - 29
Sanji: It's got a star anise spice on its head. What is this thing?! It's totally different from from the image! That's just an idea you came up with on your own.
Luffy: So cold!
Toriko: It's got cold strong enough to match that heat!
Komatsu: It sure has... But why is there wind indoors?
Toriko: There's probably warm air coming in somewhere and it's getting like this from convection. Is that the cause?
Komatsu: There! There's something there! An orangutan wearing clothes? Did it learn human culture, too?! It kinda looks like it's drunk, though.
Toriko: This smell... it's laojiu! That's laojiu flowing out of that! It's a Laojiu Fountain!
Komatsu: So that's the third ingredient?
Toriko: Sorry, but could you share some of your sake with us?
Komatsu: Toriko-san!
Luffy: Are you okay?!
Toriko: I get it. He's... the first one I've ever seen. An orangutan that loves laojiu,
Sign: m 0 0 l 545 0 l 545 145 l 0 145 Laojiutan (Mammal Beast) Capture Level - 32
Toriko: A Laojiutan!
Luffy: So sake is its favorite food? Then it's not gonna share some with us too easily.
Toriko: Be careful. With those staggering movements, we won't be able to read his attacks.
Komatsu: It's like a drunken fist style.
Nami: Keep holding on, Chopper. Everyone will definitely be back with the ingredients. There's no time left. Dawn will break very soon.
Usopp: Guys! Stop standing there and catch this thing!
Coco: Simply capturing it won't be enough. Unless the Torabanjyan is made to run quickly, you can't draw toubanjyan from it.
Zoro: It looks like its instincts told it you were the easiest one to target. So give that running all you've got.
Usopp: It turned into toubanjyan!
Robin: It seems all that running around made it melt.
Brook: You did it!
Coco: Good! Capture of the first ingredient, complete!
Usopp: Uh, yeah. That's what happens when you deal with me.
Franky: Franky Rocket Launcher! It's got speed, too, huh?
Rin: It's pretty good.
Sani: I was looking forward to see just how incred'bly beaut'ful it was going to be... But...
Sanji: Rin-chwaan! Are you okay?! I'm going to protect Rin-chan!
Sani: All my anticipation... You betrayed it!
Franky: It stopped moving.
Rin: Big Brother stopped it with Hair Lock!
Sanji: What? It looks like he finished it pretty easily.
Sani: The star anise is a little cute. But I'm not interested in the rest.
Rin: Sorry for all the trouble we caused because of Big Brother's expectations. Okay, we'll be taking one of these!
Both: Okay, let's hurry out of here.
Franky: You know, you guys really do get along.
Both: We definitely do not!
Komatsu: Toriko-san! Luffy-san!
Toriko: That guy...
Luffy: It's so cold I can't move the way I want to!
Komatsu: The more it drinks, the stronger it gets.
Toriko: It's not just getting stronger because of the sake. It's also because of that leaf it's using as a cup! That's a Mango Quince leaf!
Komatsu: If there's a leaf here, that means...
Luffy: It's nearby?! The Mango Quince?
Toriko: Komatsu!
Luffy: This is bad.
Zebra: Don't get fuckin' cocky!
Luffy: What was that just now? It was awesome.
Toriko: It was Zebra. Zebra's Otodama! He shot an Otodama all the way from prison!
Zebra: Entertain me a little more, Toriko. Take care of the rest!
Komatsu: This is the power of Heavenly King Zebra-san?
Toriko: With the air from outside coming in, it's gotten warmer!
Luffy: I can move so much easier now!
Komatsu: It became huge! That's... could it be... A Mango Quince flower?
Toriko: There's no doubt about it.
Luffy: Okay, I'm gonna take that! Wait for me, Chopper! Gear Third! Busoushoku Kouka! Gomu Gomu no Elephant Gun!
Both: All right!
Komatsu: Amazing! You beat the Laojiutan!
Luffy: This is a Mango Quince?
Komatsu: The flower isn't blooming?
Toriko: It looks like all the cold has kept it from opening.
Luffy: What should we do?!
Toriko: If we can hit it with a ray of light like the kind in spring...
Komatsu: Ray of light? You mean sunlight?
Luffy: If the sun rises... then we won't be able to save Chopper! What are on earth should we do?!
Toriko: Th-That's!
Luffy: Did the sun rise?
Toriko: No, that's... a school of Haru Sharks!
Luffy: Haru Shark? Like the one that ate me?
Toriko: Yeah. Haru Sharks are expensive sharks and that's where the name Haru Shark comes from, but during their spawning season, their bodies glow. They glow like spring sunlight, which is another reason they're called Haru Sharks. The light from that school rivals the warmth of the sun's light!
Komatsu: Yes. That's the Mango Quince!
Sani: B-Beaut'ful!
Toriko: Luffy, you've got quite a lot of ingredient luck, Food Luck, it looks like. To provide the ingredient you needed to cure Chopper, the Haru Shark appeared!
Komatsu: Seafood Fruit, a Torabanjyan's toubanjyan, an Octocorn's star anise, laojiu from a Laojiu Fountain... and a Mango Quince Flower.... It's done! Seafood Fruit with a Four Seasons Golden Sauce! Please eat some, Chopper-san.
Chopper: Yuuum!
Komatsu: Back to that again?
All: All right! You're better!
Chopper: Everyone, thank you so, so much! I'll never forget what you did for me!
Luffy: Toriko, let's meet again someday!
Toriko: Yeah! We'll fill our bellies with delicious food again! Because eating food with your comrades is always exceptional!
Sanji: What's with that guy? It sorta looks like this goodbye is hard for him, for some reason.
All: Goodbye!
Sani: Take care! Let's meet again, Sunny!
All: That's who?!
Narrator: At the end of a long journey, Tiger finally returns Koala to her hometown. The sight of Koala and her mother crying as they embrace gives Tiger hope for a new future between Fishmen and humans. But those thoughts were cruelly trampled on by the humans.
Luffy: Next time on One Piece,
Title: A Hero's End The Shocking Truth about Tiger A Hero's End The Shocking Truth about Tiger
