Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. Luffy reunited with Jinbe in the Sea Forest.  And now, with Nami, Sanji, Chopper, Franky, and the others, we hear about the events that led to Fishman Island's current state.
Tiger: There's nothing wrong with crying! Don't think that we're the same as those stupid Celestial Dragons. Watch closely. We don't kill anyone. We're going to take this girl... and make sure she gets home!
Fishman: We finally got an Eternal Pose pointing toward Koala's homeland.
Hachi: Nyuu- Koala, you can return to your homeland!
Koala: Uh... Um...
Hachi: You sure have changed.  I barely recognized you. You've become a lot more feminine.
Koala: I'm not used to...
Hachi: What?  We finally got you some proper clothes, but you don't like them? We even gave you a haircut. I'm sure your mother will like it better like this.
Koala: I... I have to clean.
Hachi: Nyuu- you've gotta get rid of your habit of working whenever you're distressed! This isn't Mariejoa, you know!
Aladdin: Let her do what she wants.
Hachi: Nyuu?
Aladdin: Let her take her time.  Recovering from a trauma isn't that easy.
Hachi: Really?
Arlong: Sounds like you understand it well, Brother Aladdin. Former slaves understand each other. But you still want to kill her, don't you?  Right now? She's a human, just like those who enslaved you!
Tiger: Stop it, Arlong.
Arlong: Show us your true nature! What did your mother teach you? Your parents look down on fishmen, right? That's how the human society is, right?! They think that humans are the greatest species in the world! The children hear this from their parents and take it to heart! Unless someone uses force to stop it, this cycle will never end! You've all seen them many times during our three year voyage, haven't you? Those conceited, scornful looks that humans give us! Who knows what I'd have done if the Boss hadn't been around.
Jinbe: Only a small percentage of the humans scorn us. The rest looked different to me.
Arlong: Brother Jinbe...
Jinbe: From what I could see, they were all terrified of us. Is it because we're pirates? Why are you so afraid?
Koala: Because... we don't know anything about you.
Jinbe: You fear the unknown?
Otohime: We are biased because we only come into contact with certain kinds of humans. We still do not know anything about them.
Jinbe: If we knew each other better, would things change?
Hachi: Nyuu- look at this, Koala! Try to guess which hand I've got this in! So, where is it?
Koala: Uh... This one.
Hachi: Too bad, it was here! Alright, one more time! Nyuu- try to get it right this time!
Koala: Alright.
Hachi: Where is it?
Koala: Here.
Hachi: Wrong!
Jinbe: Not long after Koala had finally warmed to everyone, we arrived at her homeland, Foolshout Island.
Tiger: Koala, come down.  We've reached your homeland. Where is your village?
Koala: Huh?
Tiger: I'll walk you to the entrance.
Koala: Sure!
Macro: Don't go, Koala! Let's go on more adventures together!
Gyaro: You're such a good girl, even if you are human!
Kuroobi: Don't cry, you guys!
Koala: I'll tell everyone in my village... that there are many kind-hearted fishmen! Thank you, everyone! Good bye!
Hachi: Take care of yourself!
Arlong: When she grows up, that kid will be just like all the other humans.
Macro: What's that supposed to mean, you bastard?! Jinbe.
Jinbe: Arlong, you...
Arlong: Brother Jinbe, you've changed a lot in these past three years.
Jinbe: What?
Arlong: Think about it. What difference does it make if one person from that village preaches that fishmen are good people? It'll be just like Otohime's preaching. Her words will go in one ear and out the other.
Old man: She's back!
Younger man: It's true!  Your daughter has returned!
Middle-aged woman: Isn't it great?
Middle-aged man: Yeah.
Koala: Everyone!
Younger man: Now, hurry.  She's back!
Koala's mom: Koala... Koala!
Koala: Mommy?
Koala's mom: Koala!
Koala: Mommy!  Mommy! Mommy! Mommy!
Man: That's the captain of the Sun Pirates... Fisher Tiger!
Kid: He's a bad guy, right?  He's a fishman, after all.
Koala's mom: It must have been so hard. You must have been hurt so much. Being a slave...
Koala: But, Mommy... It wasn't all bad people like the Celestial Dragons. I thought all fishmen were scary... but many of them are nice people!
Koala's mom: You're just a child.
Koala: No, I know! I was with Uncle Tiger and his group for so long! If you all lived with them too, I'm sure you'd understand! Uncle! Uncle Tiger! Thank you for keeping your promise! Uncle Tiger, Hachi-san, and Aladdin-san... all of the Sun people... I'll never forget any of you! Thank you so much!
Tiger: I want to believe... that by the time you become an adult, humans and fishmen can-
Strawberry: I am Rear Admiral Strawberry, from Navy HQ. We received a tipoff from a certain island that you would come here. The adults in the village you just visited were informed that there might be a small commotion out here. They accepted it... so that we would let that girl stay even though she belongs to the Celestial Dragons. Captain of the Sun Pirates, Fisher Tiger! You are guilty of two crimes. I'm sure that you know what they are. Raiding and desertion.
Jinbe: Were those gunshots?
Fishman: They came from where the Boss went!
Jinbe: Something might have happened to the Boss.
Fishman: Hey, look at the sea!
Chuu: It's the Navy!  We've been surrounded -chuu!
Kuroobi: Why is the Navy here?
Arlong: We've been set up! That kid was bait, planted by the Navy! This means that Brother Ti and the rest of us have fallen into their trap! Open your eyes!  This is what humans are like!
Jinbe: Damn Navy! Boss!  Boss Ti is in danger! Arlong!
Arlong: Hmm?
Jinbe: I'll let you handle this!  We'll go and help the Boss!
Arlong: Sure, Brother Jinbe! You'd better bring Big Brother back safe, or I won't go easy on you!
Jinbe: Of course I will!  Let's go!
Fishmen: Yeah! Arlong-san, it's hopeless!  The ship won't hold!
Arlong: Abandon ship! We're going to steal one of the Navy boats!
Marine: What's with his endurance?! Why won't he go down even after getting shot so many times?!
Tiger: Unforgivable. Unforgivable! I will never forgive you for this, humans!
Strawberry: Fire.
Koala: Do you hear something, Mommy?
Koala's mom: No.
Jinbe: Boss... Boss!
Marine: Rear Admiral!  The Sun Pirates are here!
Strawberry: So that's him?  The infamous... Jinbe?
Tiger: Guys... forgive me.
Fishmen: Boss!
Jinbe: So you're the one responsible?!
Strawberry: This is for the sake of justice. For the eradication of the Sun Pirates!
Jinbe: Damned Navy!
Strawberry: I'll take your head as well!
Jinbe: Go ahead, if you can! We managed to rescue the Boss, and finally escaped on a ship that Arlong had seized. However...
Fishmen: Boss!
Hachi: You refuse to accept a blood transfusion?!  Boss, what are you saying?!
Jinbe: You've lost too much blood! If you don't get a transfusion soon, you'll...
Aladdin: You have a rare blood type! No one in the crew is a match!
Tiger: But... the blood reserves on this Navy ship... are human... blood, right?!
Aladdin: That's right!  We have the same kind of blood as the humans! We can use human blood!  You can still be saved! So let's hurry and start the...
Tiger: Don't! I don't want to survive with that kind of blood in my veins! It's filthy blood! The blood that has continued to scorn us fishmen!
Jinbe: Boss...
Tiger: I will not be indebted to them! I will not accept pity from them! I will not succumb to the humans!
Arlong: Big Brother!  What happened between you and the humans?!
Tiger: I didn't want... to tell you. On my... last journey...
Jinbe: Your journey was quite long this time.
Tiger: Yeah.  A lot of things happened.
Neptune: You... What did you see on your latest voyage?
Tiger: Humans. Shortly after I departed... I was imprisoned! I spent several years in Mariejoa. I was... a slave!
Jinbe: What?!
Hachi: Boss...
Tiger: What I saw there was the madness of humankind. I managed to escape with my life intact... but I couldn't just ignore all the other slaves I had seen. Listen closely. I've lived my life as I pleased... and as a result... I've severely hindered Queen Otohime's efforts. But she... is right. Anyone can see that peace would be for the best! But... the only ones who can truly change our island... are those like Koala. The next generation, who don't know anything. So, I beg of you! Don't tell the people on our island anything! Not about the tragedy that befell us, nor about our anger toward the humans.
Arlong: But, Big Broth-
Tiger: Arlong! There are... plenty of kind-hearted humans... in this world. We all know that. And yet those of us who die only leave hatred in the world... Isn't that absurd?! Even if I know it in my head... there's a demon inside my heart... that stops me! My body rejects that blood! I... can no longer love the humans!
Jinbe: Boss!  Please don't say that!  Live! Please!  You can still survive!
Aladdin: Boss!  No matter what you say, in the eyes of all the slaves you freed, you are their savior! You're the hero of the fishmen, who accomplished so much!
Tiger: I'm glad you think so. You still have a long way to go.
Jinbe: What?!
Tiger: Your moves are too soft. With such a weak punch, you can't protect anyone.
Jinbe: Protect?!
Arlong: Brother!
Tiger: If nobody else wants to challenge me, then I will be the boss of the Fishman District from this day on! I am Tiger! Now that I am your leader, you may rest assured! Your lives are my life! I will protect my underlings!
Fishmen: Boss! Boss!
Narrator: The news of Fisher Tiger's death spreads like a shockwave. "Should we coexist with humans, or be separated from them?" As the fishmen's hearts are in doubt, Arlong bears a fierce hatred for the humans. Jinbe attempts to protect Otohime and Tiger's ideals. With their respective beliefs on the line, the two finally clash!
