Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But there they find that the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and Vander Decken has been stalking the Mermaid Princess Shirahoshi. The Straw Hat Pirates find themselves drawn into these events.
Fishmen: Boss! Boss!
Jinbe: And so, the curtain fell on the life... of Fisher Tiger, captain of the Sun Pirates. The death of our captain... I don't have to tell you how much this hurt the crew that was left behind.
Hachi: Where are you going?!
Arlong: "Don't kill the humans"?!  What was he thinking?! His pity for the humans is the reason he died! Brother Ti was a fool!
Hachi: Arlong-san! Arlong-san! Arlong-san!
Arlong: I will never forgive this! Prepare yourself!
Marine: You're that fishman-
Kizaru: You're really noisy. So you're Arlong? Why did you come back? So recklessly... coming back to this place.
Arlong: I came to slaughter the humans who shot Big Brother Ti! I'm going to go to the island that sold us out too!
Kizaru: So this is your retaliation?
Arlong: That's right!  Fisher Tiger died! You inferior scumbags killed him!
Kizaru: Oh, really?  So he's dead? Either way, you'll be coming with me.
Jinbe: Fisher Tiger's death outraged Arlong, so he bared his fangs toward the humans he resented... and was captured.
Arlong: If the transfusion hadn't been refused, he could have survived! If we'd had access to fishman blood, Fisher Tiger wouldn't have died! You humans drove him to his death!
Jinbe: "After being refused a blood transfusion by humans, Fisher Tiger, captain of the Sun Pirates, died." It's not too far from the truth.
Aladdin: It was the humans' fault that he died, after all.
Jinbe: Arlong lied to the Navy.
Aladdin: The truth was much more cruel. Resenting the humans that betrayed him, the hero Tiger refused to have their blood in his veins. Not to mention his past as a slave. If the world found out about that, it would damage the Boss's honor. Arlong would never reveal that.
Hachi: Nyuu- Captain Jinbe! Enemy ship sighted!
Jinbe: Even if the Boss is gone, we cannot turn back now! Prepare for battle!  But remember, don't kill anyone!
Fishmen: Yeah!
Jinbe: I became known as Sea Knight Jinbe, captain of the Sun Pirates. I devoted myself to never-ending battle.
Neptune: "I am writing this to you... because I feel you deserve to know the whole truth." "Captain of the Sun Pirates, Jinbe."
Tiger: I've made up my mind.
Neptune: So Tiger was forced to choose the path he took -jamon.
Otohime: Now I understand the scream I heard from his heart that day. I will be alright.  I will not lose! We must live beneath the sun! The day when we and the humans understand each other will definitely come! Sign this form!  Declare your wish to emigrate, here!
Fishman: I can't!  It's impossible, Otohime-sama! Tiger-san saved all the slaves, he didn't discriminate by race... but then the humans simply abandoned him! Just how are we supposed to understand one another?!
Otohime: Not a single signature today, either.
Princes: Mother!
Otohime: My children!
Shirahoshi: Mother, are you alright?
Princes: Are you alright?  Are you alright?
Fukaboshi: She's completely worn out.
Otohime: Ah, my oasis of peace. I am alright!
Shirahoshi: Mother.
Princes: Mother!
Otohime: Let us make a promise... for your future.
Jinbe: Day after day, Queen Otohime ran herself ragged. Rescuing the victims of shipwrecks.
Fishman: Hang in there! Pirates again?
Man: Help us.
Otohime: Of course we will! Let us carry them to the island!
Jinbe: Teaching the children of the island about the surface world.
Otohime: This is a forest, the place I told you about yesterday where lots of trees grow together.
Kid: Forest?  The Sea Forest?
Jinbe: Collecting signatures.
Otohime: Wait! It will only take a second!
Jinbe: However...
Fishman: Queen Otohime.
Otohime: Oh!  It's you! You're all people who have signed the form, right?
Fishman: Today, we've got a favor to ask. How many signatures have you gathered?
Otohime: I have spent five years collecting these. There are ten signatures on each sheet... and I have about a hundred of them. So one thousand supporters. Fishman Island has five million people so I was hoping for more, but...
Fishman: Uh, we have a selfish request to make. We want to withdraw our signatures, which works out at about fifty of your sheets. Haven't you heard? Pirates came to the island the other day. They plundered the town and fled the island.
Right Minister: Otohime-sama...
Kid: Otohime-sama!
Otohime: Oh, children.  Have you come to hear more stories about the surface world?
Kid: Well... This paper I signed the other day. Mom said to.
Kidz: Mom said to!
Otohime: What is it?
Fishman: I did as you asked because you're the queen, but... The humans are the problem. We've had enough... of your speeches, too. I'm tired of them.
Shirahoshi: Welcome home, Mother!
Otohime: I gave it my all today as well! I'm home, my little angels! I went a little overboard, so can you leave me alone just for today? Liars!  Every single one of you!
Crowd: What?  What's that?
Left Minister: O-Otohime-sama! You're broadcasting to the whole country!
Otohime: Shaddup... ya damn Ministah of da Left!
Left Minister: You... Have you been drinking?!
Otohime: Ah'm fine! Shaddup.  Ah ain't... Ah ain't drunk!
Left Minister: Yes, you are!
Fishman: What's that?
Fishwoman: Queen Otohime's voice?
Otohime: Listen up, y'all! We... We can live anywhere in the ocean. In this vast, vast ocean. On the dark, dark ocean floor. Why do we all live in this one place?
Fishwoman: Otohime-sama...
Otohime: Isn't it because there's a tiny bit of light and air here? On the surface, the whole world is bathed in sunlight! There is a vast sky above. Why do children sneak out to look at Sabaody Park? Out there in the world... there are so many wonderful places! We should be able to go to all of those places. Aren't we just making up empty excuses, and convincing ourselves that we should give up?! Be brave... and strive for the thing we all want the most!
Left Minister: Your Majesty.
Otohime: If the humans are an obstacle standing in our way... then let's overcome that obstacle together! If we do, then maybe the children living on Fishman Island today... can change their future. At least a little bit!
Fishman: I left my family behind on Fishman Island. I wonder how my wife and kid are doing?
Aladdin: Just be glad you can still go back some day. For former slaves like me, it's all over if we're found. So whether we want it or not, we're stuck on this ship until we die.
Fishman: I'm sorry!  I didn't mean it like that!
Kizaru: Have your wounds healed?
Strawberry: I ran into some serious trouble.
Kizaru: I never thought you'd get beaten this badly.
Strawberry: Arlong, who was imprisoned in Impel Down the other day, was nothing. The truly fierce one is Jinbe. You don't see that kind of strength every day. It's far too dangerous to let him roam free.
Jinbe: Become one of the Seven Warlords of the Sea?  Me?!
Macro: Your bounty's 250 million beli! The Government must have realized that you'll become a huge threat to them if they don't do this!
Chuu: So they're beginning to learn their lesson! Just turn down their offer and become even more notorious, Captain Jinbe -chuu!
Jinbe: No, I plan to accept their offer.
Crew: Huh?!
Neptune: I heard about the offer to join the Warlords.
Jinbe: If I join the Seven Warlords, the Government will pardon my crew. Aladdin and others who want to quit being pirates will be able to live in this country in peace. More importantly, if I accept this title, maybe fishmen can get a bit closer to joining the World Government. For the sake of Her Majesty, after I've caused her so much trouble.
Neptune: Yes, and I'm grateful. Though she's in a pretty bad way right now.
Jinbe: This is the late Tiger's wish. I believe this is a step toward the liberation and freedom of fishmen! However, there is one worrisome detail regarding the pardon...
Hachi: Arlong-san!
Aladdin: Arlong!
Hachi: Arlong-san has returned!  He's back!
Jinbe: If there's something you want to say, then spit it out, Arlong!
Arlong: Joining the Seven Warlords of the Sea, eh, Brother Jinbe? In other words, you're becoming a dog of the human Government!
Jinbe: Have you forgotten Brother Ti's words?! Stop letting grudges and hatred control your life!
Arlong: You've gotten soft, Brother. I'm sure that becoming your underling would be the safest option for me, but I'm not gonna do that! Big Brother died! I will be reforming my old Arlong Crew. And I'll be taking my brethren with me. This is farewell.
Jinbe: Arlong, you...
Arlong: If you want to stop me that bad... then this is your chance. Just kill me!
Hachi: A-Arlong-san!
Arlong: If you can't, then that means I'm free! I am the fury of fishmankind!
Jinbe: Enough of your insolence!
Hachi: Jinbe-san!
Arlong: Fine by me!
Hachi: Jinbe-san! Stop this!
Jinbe: Get him out of my sight!
Hachi: Arlong-san!
Aladdin: Don't let it get to you, Jinbe. You grew up in the Fishman District together. You're like brothers. No matter what happens, you wouldn't be able to kill him.
Jinbe: Why can't that fool understand... Brother Ti's real intentions?!
Aladdin: It doesn't matter where he goes. If he gets too violent, the Navy will take action. But if they don't, and he does get out of control, we'll go stop him ourselves. For certain.
Macro: Sheesh!  We're also going back to doing our own thing, Captain Jinbe.
Someone: Macro, you...
Jinbe: Let him do whatever he wants.
Macro: So long!
Arlong: Damn, that freakishly strong bastard!
Kuroobi: Hachi, let's go.
Jinbe: The Sun Pirates... split into three groups, and everybody went their own way.
Narrator: Due to Jinbe joining the Seven Warlords of the Sea, the Fishmen who had been slaves are able to go home safely. Just as they are about to make another step toward Otohime's ideal future, a ship drifts to the island. The ship carries one of the Celestial Dragons, who see fishmen as mere slaves.
