Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But there they find that the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and Vander Decken has been stalking the Mermaid Princess Shirahoshi. The Straw Hat Pirates find themselves drawn into these events.
Jinbe: If I join the Seven Warlords, the Government will pardon my crew. Aladdin and others who want to quit being pirates will be able to live in this country in peace.
Arlong: Big Brother died!
Macro: We're also going back to doing our own thing.
Jinbe: The Sun Pirates... split into three groups, and everybody went their own way.
Fishman: We're back! I can't believe it... I never thought this day would come! Back in the days when the Celestial Dragons were working us to the bone, we could only silently curse them in despair. Thanks to Brother Ti, we were able to escape from the Celestial Dragons... but we were still wanted men. I thought our only choice was to live as pirates. But today, we can finally return to our birthplace and be accepted with open arms! We're free at last! Captain... No, Brother Jinbe! We'll never forget what you've done for us!
Jinbe: You're exaggerating.
Fishman: No, we all understand. In order to be free, we needed a pardon from the Government. And that's why you joined the Seven Warlords. It's not like you wanted to join them.
Jinbe: How about you stop talking nonsense and hurry on back to your families? Look.  They're all waiting anxiously for you.
Fishwoman: Dear...
Fishkid: Daddy...
Fishman: You... Go on, just go to them.
Fishkid: Daddy!
Fishwoman: Dear!
Jinbe: Aladdin.  You're free too, just like they are. You can finally leave this ship.
Aladdin: Jinbe. We will no longer be chased as former slaves. We can even live peacefully with our families again. But, just like the Celestial Dragons' mark that was burned into our skin, our deep hatred for the humans who made us into slaves and put us through that horrible ordeal... will never fade. I, too, understand Brother Ti's intentions so well it hurts. Even so...
Fishman: I can't believe that Boss Jinbe became a lap dog of the World Government... Of the humans! Is he forgetting who drove Tiger-san to his death? I've really misjudged Boss Jinbe.
Jinbe: I knew there were many citizens who thought less of me for joining the Seven Warlords.
Otohime: Thanks to Jinbe's big decision, there is finally a connection between fishmen and the World Government. In order to use this opportunity to improve our relations with the humans, I will continue to work hard.
Neptune: Still, even if it was to save his crewmates... Jinbe has taken on quite a heavy burden -jamon. Should the World Government order him to, he will have to fight on their side, regardless of his own feelings on the matter -jamon. It's likely that he will have to cause bloodshed at times, too.
Otohime: Yes.  I will make sure Jinbe's determination is not in vain. I have to work hard too.
Neptune: Don't overexert yourself, though. It would not do to have you spend another day in bed with a hangover -jamon.
Otohime: Oh my...
Jinbe: And shortly after, an incident that would greatly change Queen Otohime's fate took place. An uninvited guest dropped by...
Voice: Ryuuguu Palace!  Ryuuguu Palace! This is the Border Police! An enormous shipwreck is requesting emergency entrance!
Right Minister: What are you doing?!  Naturally, you have to let them in-
Voice: If I'm not mistaken... a Celestial Dragon is onboard!
Right Minister: What?! King Neptune!
Neptune: A Celestial Dragon?!
Otohime: Grant him access! Send an emergency unit to the coast!
Guards: Yes, Ma'am!
Otohime: I will be there shortly.
Right Minister: Otohime-sama!
Neptune: What business does a Celestial Dragon have on the ocean floor?
Fishman: A Celestial Dragon's ship... It looks like it was attacked by a deep sea creature. What business do Celestial Dragons, who discriminate against us, have on the ocean floor?
Myosgard: Hurry it up! Damn it!  Those spineless cowards all died on me! Hurry and bring me a mask, you pathetic fish-creatures! This place reeks of fishmen! Hurry and bring me a mask! Save my life, you imbeciles!
Fishman: Just how self-centered... Is that really the attitude someone asking for help should have?
Myosgard: Doctor! Get me a doctor!
Guard: Where's the medical team? They're here, but... they're not sure what to do about him.
Hody: We should kill him. The worst type of trash in the world.
Vander Decken: I don't care about those damn Warlords! Be it the World Government or whoever, I won't become anyone's underling just 'cause they ask me!
Fishman: And that's what makes you our Captain Vander Decken.
Vander Decken: That Jinbe doesn't have what it takes to be a pirate of my caliber! He doesn't have what it takes... I presume! There sure is a lot of noise coming from the port.
Fishman: Hey. Captain, apparently a Celestial Dragon has come here.
Vander Decken: A Celestial Dragon?
Fishman: Seems he got here on a wrecked ship, and he's now asking for help.
Vander Decken: Sounds interesting. Let's go take a look.
Myosgard: This wasn't supposed to happen... What? My fishman slaves have returned to Fishman Island? Why did that happen, My Daddy?
His Daddy: From what I hear, My Son, the latest addition to the Seven Warlords of the Sea  was a fishman named Jinbe.
Myosgard: Jinbe?
His Daddy: The slaves who fled and joined the Sun Pirates, which he was a part of, were given a pardon by the Government, forgiven for the sin of running away, and returned to their country, it seems, My Son.
Myosgard: I'm sure that the slaves that ran away from my house are among them, My Daddy!
His Daddy: They must be. When I think about how they must be living such carefree lives right now, I get really annoyed!
Myosgard: In that case, I'll go get them back, My Daddy! My fishman slave collection, that I spent so much money gathering! Damn it... I didn't know... that the deep seas were this terrifying.
Fishman: Hey!  What are you doing?! Long time no see, Myosgard.
Myosgard: You dare address me without honorifics... Huh? Oh, you are... my slaves. Obediently come back to my home! Who gave you permission to be free, damn fish-creatures?!
Fishman: S-Stop it, you guys! He's a Celestial Dragon! Lay a hand on him, and your pardons will be void!
Myosgard: Stop it, you fool!  Know your place! Do you have any idea who I am?! I am... I am...
Fishman: Up on the surface, a Navy Admiral will immediately be dispatched if a Celestial Dragon is harmed. That's the only reason why everyone fears you. However, this is Fishman Island, on the bottom of the sea. As long as the citizens here keep quiet, it won't matter what happens to you. It'll just be assumed you had an accident. That's true. I won't say a thing! Neither will I!  Of course! He's barely alive anyway! He'll die if we just ignore him! Let him taste the pain you had to endure as slaves! Kill him! Let him suffer, and kill him! Don't forgive him!
Myosgard: What?  I am great...
Fishman: Even if I wanted to forgive... You're the one person I could never forgive!
Myosgard: Hey, stop!
Fishman: Do it! Kill him!
Otohime: Stop!
Myosgard: Damn fish-creatures!
Fishmen: Queen Otohime!
Fishman: Her Majesty's been shot! Queen Otohime...
Otohime: Everyone... Please throw away your guns. The children are watching!
Jinbe: Aladdin! What's this I heard about a shipwrecked Celestial Dragon?
Aladdin: I only just got here myself.
Fukaboshi: Boss Jinbe! Mother raced out of the castle.
Jinbe: What?!
Shirahoshi: Big Brother, who are these Celestial Dragons?
Fukaboshi: They're humans, Shirahoshi.
Shirahoshi: Humans?
Fukaboshi: Out of all the humans in the world, they're among the scariest ones.
Aladdin: I heard several gunshots.  Let's hurry.
Jinbe: Yes.
Fishman: Otohime-sama...
Otohime: It only grazed me.
Fishman: Why did you protect him?! Do you know what that man did to us in the past?! He treated us worse than slaves, even worse than cattle!
Otohime: I can hear the screams of your hearts so clearly, it hurts.
Fukaboshi: Mother...
Shirahoshi: Mother!
Otohime: I know it must be difficult for you, but your anger and hatred toward the humans... Do not pass it on to the children! Think of what they must face from now on!
Tiger: So, I beg of you! Don't tell the people on our island anything! Not about the tragedy that befell us, nor about our anger towards the humans.
Jinbe: Brother Ti...
Shirahoshi: Look out, Mother!
Myosgard: Don't move!
Jinbe: Oh no!  Your Majesty!
Fukaboshi: Mother!
Fishman: You bastard.
Myosgard: Queen?  Whatever! As far as Celestial Dragons like myself are concerned, the queen of some country of fish-creatures is no different from the inferior commoners. No, in fact she's even beneath them!
Fishman: Unbelievable.
Fukaboshi: Mother!
Myosgard: You fools, what are you doing?! Hurry and bring me a mask, and a doctor! Or else...
Shirahoshi: Mother!
Jinbe: What?!
Fishmen: Sea Kings?!
Jinbe: What... was that?! It couldn't just be a coincidence.
Otohime: Shirahoshi... You couldn't be...
Fishman: What's wrong, Captain?
Decken: There is a legend passed down in my family... In the distant past, there lived a Mermaid Princess who possessed the sacred power to control Sea Kings! My forefather Vander Decken traveled to the ocean floor in pursuit of that legend! Honored forefather!  I have finally found it!
Fishman: Shirahoshi is the legendary Mermaid Princess?! You did it, Captain!
Decken: It would be bad if anyone else heard about this! This is a secret legend, that only my family knows of... I presume! If I could freely control the Sea Kings and have them do my bidding, everyone would have to do as I told them! I would be able to take whatever I wanted!
Fishman: So, what are you going to do? Are we going to kidnap Princess Shirahoshi?
Decken: First, I must become the princess's husband!
Fishmanz: Whaaaaaat?! But Princess Shirahoshi is still a kid!
Decken: Indeed, and therein lies the problem!
Otohime: Aladdin.
Aladdin: I will... treat his wounds.
Otohime: I'm counting on you.
Aladdin: And yours as well, Otohime-sama, as soon as I can.
Jinbe: Some weeks later, after the Celestial Dragon's treatment was complete and his life had been saved, and he was about to leave for his homeland... Queen Otohime made an astonishing move.
Myosgard: Remember this! All the tactlessness and rudeness that I, a World Noble, had to endure here... Damn fish-creatures! I swear I will make you regret them!
Guard: We saved his life, so why does he resent us?! Our country gave him the ship and crew to take him home. How can he talk to us like that? We shouldn't let him leave. He'll just put the island in even greater danger.
Otohime: Please, wait! We still have some unfinished business, it seems. That being the case, I will accompany you to the surface.
Fishman: To the surface?! That's crazy!  Otohime-sama!
Shirahoshi: Mother!
Neptune: Wait -jamon, Otohime! I will not allow you to do something so self-centered! If you absolutely must settle things with the Nobles, then I will go!
Otohime: You are the king and a great knight, I'm sure you'd never be captured by the humans...
Neptune: That's why it should be me!
Otohime: No.  If someone as strong as you went, it would be meaningless. If the weak cannot travel there and return safely, we cannot prove to our citizens that the surface is safe. That is why I, who am weaker than most, must go to the surface.
Fukaboshi: Mother!
Shirahoshi: Mother!
Fishkid: Otohime-sama! Are you going somewhere, Otohime-sama?
Neptune: Otohime...
Otohime: Believe... in the wife you chose, and in the humans.
Myosgard: She's merely the queen of these fish-creatures!  Such conceit!
Fukaboshi: Mother!
Shirahoshi: Mother!
Aladdin: Jinbe...
Jinbe: Nobody could have possibly stopped her. We can only believe in her, and wait.
Crowd: Your Majesty!  Please, be safe!
Kid: Otohime-sama!
Shirahoshi: Mother!
Narrator: When people finally start to share Otohime's dream, the sound of a single gunshot resounds across Fishman Island!
