Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But there they find that the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and Vander Decken has been stalking the Mermaid Princess Shirahoshi. Luffy and the others find themselves drawn into these events.
Fukaboshi: Mother!
Shirahoshi: Mother!
Kid: Otohime-sama! Are you going somewhere, Otohime-sama?
Neptune: Otohime...
Otohime: Believe... in the wife you chose, and in the humans.
Fukaboshi: Mother!
Shirahoshi: Mother!
Kid: Otohime-sama!
Citizens: Your Majesty!  Please, be safe!
Shirahoshi: Mother!
Jinbe: Fishman Island's fate rested upon the outcome of Queen Otohime's voyage. It was clear to us what the Royal Family's goal was right from the very start. The Ryuuguu Kingdom was enveloped in a cycle of sleepless nights caused by uncertainty. But there was nothing we could do except pray for the Queen's safety.
Decken: What's that?  The Tamate Box?
Underling: That's right, Captain! Amazingly enough, I hear it's in Ryuuguu Palace!
Decken: And anyone that opens the box immediately grows old?
Underling: That's right!  That's how it works.
Decken: So, for example, if a little squirt like this kid were to open it... she'd become a sexy broad above the age of consent?
Underling: She most certainly would.
Decken: Yes!  My problem is solved! Then I could quickly marry Princess Shirahoshi... I presume! Go steal that Tamate Box immediately! No... wait a second... Breaking into Ryuuguu Palace ain't so easy.
Underling: But if you marry Shirahoshi first... then you could come and go as you please.
Decken: You guys sure are smart. Shirahoshi ain't exactly ugly, so she should be a good looking broad in ten or twenty years.
Underling: But she'll be even bigger.
Decken: That's even better. I don't have anything against big women! That girl is the legendary Mermaid Princess who can control Sea Kings. I will become her husband, and once I've gotten that power, I will finally realize... the dream that the Vander Decken family has sought after for generations! Alright, now let's get started on the wedding invitations.
Underling: Proposing comes first!
Decken: Oh!  I don't have any friends!
Jinbe: Days passed without any news of the Queen. The uncertainty just grew and grew.
Fishman: Man, I even miss her speeches.
Fishwoman: Please, somehow, come back alive.
Kid: Hey, Boss, where's Otohime-sama? When's she coming back?
Jinbe: Have faith in her and wait. She set out on this journey for the sake of your future. Your Highness, please be safe.
Shirahoshi: Mother...
Neptune: It's fine -jamon.  Believe in her and wait -jamon.
Jinbe: A week passed, which felt like 100 days. And then...
Man: That's...
Citizens: Hooray!  Otohime-sama!
Ministers: Your Highness!
Man: Just knowing that she's alive... We're so...
Fishman: Welcome home! Your Highness...
Jinbe: It took several days to persuade them, but Queen Otohime finally calmed the Celestial Dragons... and the sheet of paper that she brought back... could be called the light of hope for Fishman Island.
Otohime: Attention everyone! The World Nobles have a lot of political power... when it comes to the Council of Kings, and even the World Council. This was written by a World Noble. Here's what it says: "For peace and friendship between fishmen and humans, I hereby endorse the proposal of the attached petition." In other words, when we submit all of our signatures to the World Council Meeting, by including this single piece of paper we will have actual power. We will definitely be able to emigrate to the surface.
Fishman: The Celestial Dragons are backing it? Politics is complicated.
Otohime: All we have to do is to collect a large number of signatures... so the final decision is yours. I can only wait while you decide. How about it?  Live alongside the humans? Please indicate your desire to emigrate to the surface. Please!  Your signatures! Your signatures!  Please! Children, aren't you just trying to make me happy, only to ask to take them back later?
Kid: Nope! Mom said she's gonna submit one, too!
Fishman: Otohime-sama.  This small box just ain't big enough! Just how many people do you think are in this country?
Minister of the Right: That's right!  Start using this box, please! Put your signatures into this box to say that you support the Queen's burning dream!
Jinbe: Fishmen and humans.  We're turning our eyes away from the history of segregation. But, it was the Queen's decision to take those first bold steps that gave birth to this hope. If we can gather just a few more signatures, we might really change Fishman Island's future. If he'd been touched by Queen Otohime's burning conviction, even Arlong might have been saved. I wish Brother Ti could have seen this...
Manboshi: Mother!  Every day more signatures are coming in from all over the country!
Fukaboshi: It seems like it'll all be okay.
Otohime: That's right, just like a dream.
Ryuuboshi: It's all thanks to Mother's courage!
Otohime: Courage? It was at that moment... when I gained the courage to truly change this island.
Fukaboshi: That moment?
Otohime: Yes, the day when the Sea Kings peeked in on Fishman Island.
Manboshi: I think everyone was surprised that day.
Otohime: They came because Shirahoshi called them.
Princes: What!?
Otohime: All fishmen are capable of communicating their feelings to fish, so we're certainly able to talk to them, right? But not just anyone can talk to those great Sea Kings. Even the only person capable of communicating with whales, your father, Neptune, can't do it. There is a legend that is passed down through the royal family. Every few hundred years, a mermaid will be born with the ability to communicate with Sea Kings.
Fukaboshi: Those humongous Sea Kings?
Manboshi: You're talking about Shirahoshi?
Otohime: That's right.  Someday, someone capable of guiding her power to be used for the right purpose will appear, and this will bring about a great change to the world.  Or so the legends say.
Manboshi: The whole world?
Otohime: If that's true, I'm sure that great changes will occur on this island too.
Ryuuboshi: So, maybe that power will assist your efforts?
Otohime: I think so. If you want to save people, it's a power of love capable of saving thousands of lives. But if a dark-hearted person were to wield it, they could sink the whole world under the sea. One of the most terrifying powers in this world. She still hasn't realized that she wields this power, and she can't control it yet. If Shirahoshi experiences another shock, even greater than the one before, she may unconsciously send the Sea Kings on a rampage.
Ryuuboshi: If that happens, Fishman Island could be turned into rubble! What should we do?!
Shirahoshi: Don't worry about it now. I'll figure something out eventually, so it's fine. For now, the three of you should concentrate on growing up and becoming magnificent warriors. Please, as big brothers and as warriors, you must protect your little sister with your life.
Ryuuboshi: I understand!
Fukaboshi: Of course!
Otohime: Thank you.
Jinbe: But then the incident happened, without any warning. The signatures poured in faster than we had ever dreamed. Even though the citizens of Fishman Island didn't trust the humans yet, they had hope for the start of a new era.
Kid: Queen Otohime! I made another signature!
Otohime: That's not allowed!  Only one signature per person.
Kids: We're sorry.
Otohime: However, thank you for your spirit. Thank you so much.
Minister of the Right: All your hard work is finally paying off.
Warrior: Get back!  They're going up in flames! How did the signature box suddenly catch fire? Water!  Get water! Quickly, put the fire out!
Jinbe: How could this happen?!
Minister of the Right: After all the effort we went through to collect the signatures!
Warrior: Everybody get out! Otohime-sama! Quickly extinguish the flames!  Protect the signatures! You mustn't!  It's too dangerous!
Otohime: They're our precious signatures!  We must save them!
Warrior: Your Highness!
Otohime: I will not let them go to waste! Everyone's dreams are in these papers! Fishman Island's future hangs in the balance! Yes Ma'am!  Hurry up and protect those signatures!
Soldiers: Yes Sir! Please escape, we'll take care of the rest.
Fishman: Otohime-sama's been shot!
Aladdin: Who the hell?!
Jinbe: There's a sniper out there!  Protect the Royal Family!
Fukaboshi: Mother!
Ryuuboshi & Manboshi: Mother!
Shirahoshi: It's too dangerous here! Please fall back to the Ryuuguu Gondola.
Soldier: Princes!
Miniser of the Right: Your Highness!  Your Highness!
Fishman: Otohime-sama!
Decken: Hey Princess, this must be difficult for you...
Soldier: Who are you!
Decken: Oh no!
Soldier: Don't approach the Princess! Hold it right there!
Ryuuboshi & Manboshi: Mother!  Mother!
Fukaboshi: Mother! Dammit!  Who the hell did this?!
Miniser of the Right: Why aren't the paramedics here yet?!
Fukaboshi: Mother!  Mother!
Manboshi: Open your eyes!
Fukaboshi: Unforgivable! I'll destroy whoever is responsible for this! Mother!
Otohime: Stay by my side, my little angels.  Don't make such scary faces. I was careless. All those signatures made me so happy. Truly happy! Prince Fukaboshi, I'm the one who is upset...
Medic: Your Highness!  We're ready to treat you!
Otohime: So, whoever the culprit is... please don't be angry for me. Don't lose yourself in anger and hatred because of me.
Shirahoshi: Mother!
Otohime: Shirahoshi.  Control yourself. If Shirahoshi experiences another shock, greater than the one before...
Jinbe: This...
Otohime: Shirahoshi, no...
Manboshi: Hey!  Shirahoshi! Akkamanbo akamanbo!  Akkamanbo akamanbo! Look!  Shirahoshi! Akkamanbo akamanbo!
Ryuuboshi: It's fun!  It's fun! There's nothing to cry about!  Let's sing, Shirahoshi! The three of us will always be here for you -la ti do!
Manboshi: Manbo dancing sure is fun! So fun!
Ryuuboshi: Yeah!  Fun -do re mi fa!
Minister of the Right: What are the princes doing?!
Soldier: Stop them! This isn't appropriate!
Manboshi: Mother!  Look!  Look!  It's fine!
Ryuuboshi: We'll always protect her like this -la ti do!
Soldier: Please stop! Don't you understand Her Highness's condition?
Fukaboshi: Mother.  We'll recollect the burnt signatures. We'll become great soldiers like our father. Just as we promised, we'll protect Shirahoshi with our lives! So please... P-Please, don't worry!
Otohime: It's just a hair's breadth away... The light of the real sun.
Narrator: After Otohime's death, Fishman Island is engulfed in bitter resentment. Will her dream end like this? What will be the final fate of Fishman Island? Jinbe finishes the story, and then apologies to Nami once again. But Nami's response surprises everyone!  Nobody sees it coming.
