Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But there, the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and Vander Decken has been stalking the Mermaid Princess Shirahoshi. The crew find themselves drawn into these events.
Right Minister: Jinbe...
Guard: Damn, who did this to our queen?! Find the assassin! Find him, look under every rock in the kingdom!
Jinbe: Brother Ti...  Queen Otohime... I... I... Where should I direct my anger?!
Sniper: Damn it... Damn it to hell!
Guard: There he is!  We've found the assassin! Hurry!  Hurry to the roof! Is that him?!
Hody: He was carrying a gun.  It must be him.
Guard: What?!
Jinbe: Where is the assassin?
Guard: Jinbe-san! We just took him down.
Jinbe: Who was it?
Guard: Well...
Jinbe: This is... a human?! Don't let anyone know!
Guard: What?  Boss Jinbe?
Hody: What?!
Jinbe: What would become of all of Her Majesty's efforts? This would destroy them completely. Isn't that just too much?!
Hody: But this is the harsh reality.
Jinbe: No!  He's a pirate!
Hody: Whether or not he's a pirate is irrelevant.
Jinbe: Don't do it, Hody! Stop!
Hody: Listen up, all of you! A human... killed our country's queen! Queen Otohime's killer was human!
Right Minister: How could this happen?!
Left Minister: A human. Her Majesty kept telling us to live with them... and moved by her words, we had decided to walk beside them. But now a human... has shattered that dream. He's taken the life of the person we all dearly loved!
Fishman: You may be dead, but that doesn't give us Queen Otohime back, human!
Left Minister: Has this world been forsaken by God and Buddha alike?! This is too cruel! Far too cruel! Is His Majesty still inside Koukaku Tower?
Right Minister: Minister of the Left... It is as you hear. He said that he couldn't control himself.
Guards: Your Majesty!
Neptune: Lock the door! Don't open it until my bloodthirst passes!
Left Minister: Your Majesty... It's me.
Neptune: Minister of the Left...
Left Minister: The culprit was still carrying a gun... so the soldiers shot him down. It was a human!
Neptune: I would have killed him even if he was unarmed! But I'm sure Otohime would never have forgiven me for that. I don't know when this cycle of revenge started... but if I had killed him, I'd have just been sucked into that very cycle. And any children who saw it... would have the seed of hatred planted in their hearts, so they'd also be dragged in. The cycle would grow even larger. In my head, I understand what Otohime told us. Or rather, I could if this was happening to someone else! But... why can't I kill someone if they kill my wife?! I just don't get it -jamon. I lived as a warrior and avenged countless fallen comrades. Many humans attacked me, and I crushed them. After all that, I didn't think I had the right to help with Otohime's campaign, so I just watched over her instead. Why do the innocent die... while I still keep on living?! Even if I tried to continue Otohime's work, I would just look like a hypocrite -jamon.
Left Minister: But... peoples' hearts constantly change. We are all full of contradictions. Both fishmen and humans. And there will always be things that only a warrior can protect.
Guards: Your Majesty!
Neptune: Sorry for worrying you. I couldn't miss my own wife's funeral -jamon.
Shirahoshi: Father!  Father!
Neptune: Shirahoshi...
Fukaboshi: Father.
Neptune: Children...
Fukaboshi: Thank goodness.
Neptune: Forgive me... for not being here when you needed me.
Shirahoshi: Father, look at this.
Neptune: What's this?
Shirahoshi: Wherever I go, letters keep flying after me.
Fukaboshi: This is the fifth one already, Father.
Neptune: This is... a love letter?! Shirahoshi is still only six years old! Who is this Vander Decken?!
Guard: He's from a family of pirates.
Neptune: Don't let the children attend the funeral! The assassin might still have some allies running around. And as for this pirate named Decken, capture him immediately!
Guards: Yes, Sir!
Fukaboshi: Everyone...
Fishman: The monitor... Prince Fukaboshi? Prince?
Neptune: Fukaboshi...
Fukaboshi: Everyone on Fishman Island... I have... something I want to say today. Please, just give me a little of your time. Just before she died, our mother told us with a smile on her face... that the light of the real sun was just a hair's breadth away. We have decided to dedicate our lives to fulfilling our mother's wish.
Right Minister: Princes...
Fukaboshi: Your hearts may not heal in time for the World Council Meeting in two years... but there's another one in six years.  And yet another in ten years! I'm sure you have conflicted feelings about humans following this incident. We discarded all the signatures that hadn't already burned to ash. Let's restart from square one! Someday... when everyone's hearts have had time to heal... let us... dream of the sun together!
Jinbe: That was ten years ago. Fukaboshi, Ryuuboshi and Manboshi... Those three, together with the King and Princess, have been reaching out to the citizens using monitors. Thanks to their efforts, we've regathered many of the signatures. This is the battle against discrimination that has been fought on this island for sixteen years. And it's the reason why the Fishman Pirates did what they did. Arlong, the one who caused so much suffering in your homeland, was like a little brother to me. We were planning to go after him if he ever tried anything... but Arlong bribed the Navy in the area and made sure that reports of his actions never reached Navy HQ. As a result, you and many other people had to suffer. I take full responsibility.
Sanji: Is that so? In that case... cut open your stomach!
Chopper: Sanji...
Sanji: You can apologize with your death! It still wouldn't be enough for me to forgive you, but at least it might give Nami-san some peace!
Nami: Stop, Sanji-kun.
Sanji: But, Nami-san... Think of what they did to you!
Nami: That has nothing to do with him. After hearing his story, it's clear that he meant no harm.
Sanji: Nami-san...
Jinbe: I will accept any punishment, if it makes you feel better-
Nami: Don't! Don't.  Arlong is the one I hate. In any case, I'm glad you're not the mastermind behind the Arlong Pirates. I mean, you're Luffy's friend, aren't you? It's true.  I suffered a lot because of the Arlong Pirates, but in that spiral of pain, I met many good friends too. All of that made me who I am now. I won't hate you just because you're a fishman. So don't go apologizing for my life. I don't regret it.  I'm having a lot of fun now!
Otohime: So, whoever the culprit is... please don't be angry for me.
Tiger: Don't tell the people on our island anything! Not about the tragedy that befell us, nor about our anger toward the humans.
Aladdin: Don't let it get to you, Jinbe. You grew up in the Fishman District together. You're like brothers. No matter what happens, you wouldn't be able to kill him.
Jinbe: I don't deserve such kind words. I am in your debt.
Hachi: Nyuu- Nami!
Shirahoshi: Boss Jinbe-sama...
Franky: I totally understand how tough it must be for you, Bro! You're a real man, Jinbe! Tiger... Otohime... I love you all!
Sanji: Shut the hell up, Franky!
Nami: He was suffering so much... Luffy?
Crew: Whaaat?!
Sanji: Hey, wake up!
Luffy: I sure slept well...
Sanji: Sheesh, I thought you were actually paying attention for once.
Luffy: Huh? Jinbe, are you crying?
Jinbe: What, I'm not crying!
Luffy: Why?
Jinbe: Oh, be quiet!  I told you, I'm not crying!
Luffy: Well, whatever. So, Jinbe... What happened to the robber that Wimp's mom caught?
Sanji: Did you sleep through the whole thing?! That was the opening of the story!
Luffy: Really?
Sanji: Yeah!
Nami: You there... Your name is Shirahoshi, isn't it?
Caimie: N-Nami-chin!  She's royalty! You can't just address her as "You"!
Shirahoshi: Yes... Please forgive me. Remembering my mother made me cry.
Nami: She sounded like a wonderful mother.
Shirahoshi: Yes! Your name is Nami-chin-sama, right?
Caimie: Your Highness!  Nami-chin is just her nickname. The -chin isn't actually part of her name.
Shirahoshi: This is the first time I've met you, but it feels like I've known you since childhood. I feel so relieved!
Nami: Really?  Maybe it's because our circumstances are kind of similar?
Jinbe: Well then, sorry for taking so much of your time. First, we have to find out what's happening at Ryuuguu Palace. Hody and his crew attacked. His Majesty and the guards have been captured. Four of your companions are missing, and we don't know what they're doing. That's all the information we have at the moment.
Hachi: Nyuu- Jinbe-san. If things are going according to Hody's plan, even worse things are happening around the country now.
Jinbe: You know what Hody is planning?! I always suspected that he was planning something in the Fishman District after leaving the army... but he never gave me an opportunity to find out what it was.
Hachi: Yeah, I know his plan. Hody hates humans even more than Arlong-san does. It's like he's grown up by feeding on the anger and hatred of the fishmen. But, he's clearly different from Arlong-san. Arlong-san looked down on humans, but he'd never hurt his fellow fishmen. But with Hody... Even if you're just a fishman who wants to live in peace with humans... he will mercilessly attack you! The World Council Meeting only takes place every four years and will happen this year, right? We've gathered a lot of signatures. This was going to be the year when King Neptune finally let the world know... that Fishman Island wants to emigrate to the surface!
Jinbe: Don't tell me... Hody wants to prevent that from happening?!
Hachi: No, even more than that...
Chopper: What is that?! A gigantic Snail Phone?!
Den: That's... A Projector Snail! What's it doing here? Look!  The monitor is turning on!
Caimie: It's projecting something onto the bubble layer.
Jinbe: That's...
Nami: It's him!
Sanji: Nami-san, you know that guy?
Hachi: Nyuu- Hody...
Chopper: Huh?  That's him?
Caimie: Hacchin!
Hody: To all citizens of Fishman Island... Can you hear me? I am the captain of the New Fishman Pirates, from the Fishman District... Hody Jones!
Narrator: Hody's ambitions are broadcast to the whole of Fishman Island. It's a shocking plan to destroy Ryuuguu Kingdom, and make himself the new king. The people of Fishman Island are extremely upset, but Hody has another announcement that causes even greater fear!
