Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But there, the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and Vander Decken has been stalking the Mermaid Princess Shirahoshi. The crew find themselves drawn into these events.
Hody: To all citizens of Fishman Island... Can you hear me? I am the captain of the New Fishman Pirates, from the Fishman District... Hody Jones!
Pirate: Okay, next! Next! Next! You won't step on it, eh?!
Citizen: Please forgive us, Queen Otohime. They'll kill me if I don't do this terrible thing. I have no choice. I'm so sorry, Queen Otohime.
Pirate: Okay, you pass.  Next!
Daruma: This is no fun. I didn't think that everyone would step on her. No one respected Queen Otohime after all!
Pirate: Daruma-san, Captain Hody is starting his broadcast.
Daruma: Huh?
Fishman: So he's in charge of all this? He's the one who's making us step on the fumi-e? Hey, isn't he the one that shot Otohime-sama's killer right after her assassination? That's right!  That's Hody Jones!  There's no doubt!
Fishwoman: Wasn't he a soldier in the Neptune Army?
Hody: I have an announcement for everyone on Fishman Island. This country will soon be destroyed. And then it will be reformed under a new king... who will be me!
Citizen: What the hell is he saying? What's he trying to pull?! There's no way that'll happen! Where is he broadcasting from? Where is the King? And didn't I hear something about the Straw Hat Pirates occupying the palace? What's happened to our country?!
Hody: And the new Fishman Island that I rule over will have absolute laws. Anyone who wished for friendship with the humans will disappear from this country! The fishman master race will not extend its hands to the humans, when they are too stupid to even realize their proper place in society. At this moment, people are coming here from the Fishman District. They will be the new citizens of this land. They hate the humans, just like we do. They are comrades who wish to change this island, just like we do.
Fishman: What?  They're coming here? Those lawless ruffians are going to live here?
Hody: I'm sure that most of you saw the death of your beloved Queen Otohime. Queen Otohime had worked tirelessly in order to create a connection between us and the humans. Who killed her?!  It was the humans themselves. Even if you trust them and meet them halfway, humans will just stab you in the back! Why can't you understand that?!
Fukaboshi: The bastard...
Hody: You've been led astray by the Neptune Family. They are pushing you down a path that leads to death. Their naive ideals are just pretty words that can never come true! Wishful thinking that will lead you to destruction!
Shirahoshi: No!
Hody: Look at this.
Shirahoshi: Father!
Manboshi: Father!
Ryuuboshi: Father!
Caimie: Your Majesty!
Hody: Even the once-great Knight Neptune has fallen to old age. There is no future for this island if an old man is left on the throne.
Nami: I guess that it's really our fault that the King was captured...
Jimbe: What?
Nami: Or Zoro's fault, really.
Sanji: Don't worry about it, Nami-san. I'm sure that the fault lies squarely on the shoulders of that unrefined Moss-Head.
Jimbe: What did you do before you came here?!
Caimie: Ah!  B-B-B-But Boss Jinbe! There was a misunderstanding, and the Neptune Army attacked Nami-chin and her friends.
Jimbe: The Neptune Army?
Hody: Attention, all subjects of Fishman Island! It's time to end... the old Ryuuguu monarchy. Three hours from now, in Gyoncord Plaza, we will cut off the head of this worthless king. The Great Age of Pirates we're living in began with an execution... of Gold Roger, the so-called Pirate King. Since then, humans have persecuted fishmen more than ever. So now that I have the chance, I shall execute Neptune... and usher in The Great Age of Fishmen when fishmen will rule over the humans. You've probably figured it out already, but I'm in Ryuuguu Palace. We found something interesting here. It's the piece of paper that Queen Otohime risked her life to get from the Celestial Dragons... ten years ago. If it was destroyed, they'd have no reason to ever give us another one. Also... we have this huge box. It contains the signatures of over half of the subjects of this country. Surely my eyes are deceiving me. How could there be so many fools who think we should kiss and make up with the humans?! Everyone who has written their name here is opposed to my new kingdom. In other words, this is a list of traitors. You can quit using the fumi-e. Anyone can lie and step on her face to pass that test. But these signatures show who supports me and who opposes me. They are undeniable! Let's start disposing of these people, one by one. The first one is... Togare of Coral Hill.
Togare: No... no way... not me!
Hody: Next is... Gohtan from Waterwheel Town. Luca of Mermaid Bay. Garsha of Fishverly Hills. Mebary from the Coral Apartments. We have a long way to go!
Neptune: Enough! I won't allow you to hurt my people like that.
Hody: Well, I don't really have time for this either. The last ones are... The Straw Hat Pirates! I have something good to show you. I know you're somewhere on this island watching this. These humans earned the wrath of all fishmen by destroying the ambitions of Arlong's crew!
Chopper: Zoro!  Usopp!  Brook!
Sanji: What the hell're those guys doing?
Nami: How could they have been captured?!
Hody: Do it.
Pirate: Yes, Sir! Do it.
Brook: What?  What?  What's happening? We're so high up! I hear something...
Usopp: A rumbling sound...
Usopp & Brook: It's water!
Hody: Around the same time that we execute the King, this room will finish filling with water. Such inferior creatures. Humans die from something as trivial as this. Straw Hat Luffy, with a bounty of 400 million beli! The heads of you and your companions will serve as warnings to the humans on the surface. Well, it's time to start cleaning up the old Ryuuguu Monarchy. We're going to leave behind the weakness of our past, setting course for a strong future! In three hours, this country will be reborn as a proud Fishman Island!
Citizen: How could this happen?
Fukaboshi: We won't let him do this!
Hody: Now then, give Daruma and the others the order to meet up with us. It's about to get busy.
Pirate: Understood.
Hody: We're going to make a big show of his execution. That way, everyone on Fishman Island will learn to fear me like it was carved into their hearts.
Neptune: You are so selfish. Do you really think a country can be run this way?
Hody: Isn't the King someone who can afford to be selfish? From our standpoint, you were a selfish King as well. Those dreams that you and Otohime kept chasing... Even when I was a soldier, I wanted to puke every time I had to listen to them. When a country's leader changes, so does the country. From now on, I will be the law!
Usopp: Damn it!  The water keeps pouring in!
Brook: And I just finished drying out too, Usopp-san. I don't want to be submerged in seawater again.
Usopp: Neither do I! Do something.  Anything!  Zoro-kun!
Zoro: Sure thing.  Now then... Get me out of these chains.
Usopp: Got it! Here it comes. Chains, fall off... Chains, fall off... Chains, fall off... Fall off chains! Fall off! It's no good... I don't have enough faith.
Brook: But did you see it? The look on their faces when I started moving...
Pirate: He ain't moving... you think he's a goner?
Usopp: Play dead!  Play dead!
Pirate: What should we do with this mysterious skeleton? What's a skeleton doing here, anyway? Maybe he floated in here after Captain Hody broke the palace walls. Let's leave him hanging here.
Zoro: Yes!
Usopp: If Brook just pretends to be a corpse... he can free us later!
Pirate: You think he was just drifting around the ocean? What a pity. He may have been dead for fifty years.
Brook: Ding!  Ding!  Ding! We have a winner!
Pirates: It's... moving!
Brook: That's right.  I'm "Nothing but Bones" Brook! Wait!
Zoro: Good job, Brook.
Brook: Feel free to touch my bones!
Pirates: Give it... a rest!
Zoro: Damn it.
Brook: Just thinking about it... it was perfect!
Usopp & Zoro: Who's fault do you think it is that we ended up like this?!
Brook: Save me!  They'll kill me! Ah, but I'm already dead.
Zoro: Well, Nami and her group managed to get out, right? We'll be fine if she manages to get Luffy and the others.
Usopp: And what'll you do if he doesn't come?! Robin'll be all... "I wonder if Nami was killed and eaten by the deep-sea fish."
Brook: That's Robin, alright!
Robin: This is a bit different from the other poneglyphs I've seen so far. It's almost as if it's a letter... or a written apology? Who are you apologizing to? Who are you... Joyboy?
Luffy: Hey. Did they just say that my bounty's at 400 million?! When did it go up?
Nami: As if this is time for that!
Sanji: They've picked a fight with us, no doubt.
Jinbe: After the great war in Marineford, your fame shot up through the roof. Once it surpasses 300 million, it'll take a lot for them to raise it again.
Luffy: Well, if they want a fight then we'll give them one!
Jinbe: Hey, wait, Luffy-kun!
Shirahoshi: Father... Father... Father! Father! Megalo! We have to go save him!
Jinbe: Hold on a second, Princess Shirahoshi! Stop, Megalo! Wait!
Shirahoshi: Boss Jinbe-sama... But I... Both you and Luffy, you need to stop for a second.
Hachi: Princess, I also think it's better if you don't go.
Shirahoshi: Hachi-sama.
Hody: In all of Ryuuguu Kingdom, Hody's biggest fear right now is... Princess Shirahoshi's power. Even if he recreates Fishman Island the way he wants it, it will all be destroyed if the Sea Kings attack. He took the King hostage to use him as a shield.
Sanji: So in other words, their true goal is Shirahoshi-chan?
Hachi: Nyuu- Hody isn't planning to capture the Princess and use her power. He fears the very existence of the power. So he teamed up with Vander Decken, who wants the Princess's life. Hody plans to get rid of everything that stands in his way.
Jinbe: Yeah, that's right. If the Princess goes to the plaza it'll be just what he wants.
Shirahoshi: I've heard the prophecy about my power before, but I've never been able to talk with the Sea Kings before. I don't even know if I really have the power or not.
Jinbe: Either way, Hody will definitely want to finish you off. But we can't let Hody find out that you can't control the power. We want him to be afraid of it.
Luffy: You done yapping? Alright then. Shark!  Take me to Ryuuguu Palace! Sanji, I'm leaving Wimp in your care.
Sanji: Yes!  Leave it to me!
Jinbe: Didn't I tell you to wait, Luffy-kun?
Luffy: Huh?
Jinbe: You mustn't fight with Hody!
Luffy: Why're you trying to stop me?
Franky & Chopper: Is it because we're human?
Sanji: Don't include yourselves, that just complicates things!
Jinbe: That's right!  It can't be you! The fishmen who don't hate humans already may wind up changing their minds! Leave this to me.
Luffy: Jinbe!  My friends have been captured! If I don't do something, they'll be in trouble!
Caimie: Luffy-chin...
Hachi: Straw Hat...
Jinbe: You still don't understand, after everything I said?!
Luffy: I'm going.
Jinbe: You don't understand a damn thing!
Luffy: Blah blah blah... shut up! If you want me to stay, then try to stop me!
Chopper: Luffy...
Jinbe: It was foolish to think you'd listen to me, even after we've fought side by side. I had almost forgotten... that you are his brother. Since you don't intend to stay here, there's no other way to do this. Are you ready? Boy.
Narrator: Luffy and Jinbe. The battle where they both lay their strongest desires on the line finally starts. Jinbe overwhelms Luffy with his strongest Fishman Karate techniques. Then the appearance of an unexpected person causes their fight to take a surprising turn!
