Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates... have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But there, the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and Vander Decken has been stalking the Mermaid Princess Shirahoshi. The crew find themselves drawn into these events.
Hody: This country will soon be destroyed. And then it will be reformed under a new king... who will be me! Attention, all subjects of Fishman Island! It's time to bid farewell... to the old Ryuuguu monarchy. Three hours from now, in Gyoncord Plaza, we will behead this worthless king. Straw Hat Pirates! I have something good to show you. I know you're watching this somewhere on this island. These humans, who destroyed the ambitions of Arlong's crew, will feel the wrath of all fishmen!
Chopper: Zoro!  Usopp!  Brook!
Sanji: What the hell are those guys doing?
Nami: No way... they were captured?!
Usopp & Brook: The water!
Hody: Around the same time that we execute the King, this room will finish filling with water. Such inferior creatures. Humans will die from something this trivial.
Luffy: Shark!  Take me to Ryuuguu Palace!
Jinbe: Didn't I tell you to wait, Luffy-kun?
Luffy: Huh?
Jinbe: You mustn't fight with Hody!
Luffy: Jinbe!  He's got my friends! If I don't do something, they'll be in trouble!
Jinbe: You don't understand a damn thing!
Luffy: Blah blah blah... shut up! If you want me to stop, then just try and stop me!
Jinbe: I was foolish to think you'd listen to me, even after we've fought side by side. I had almost forgotten... that you were his brother. Are you ready? Boy.
Usopp: When I was a kid, they called me the Submarine of East Blue! I can swim across a twenty-five meter pool just fine!
Brook: I am also quite capable of running that distance. I may not be able to swim, but running is no problem!
Usopp: Hey, Brook! Let's have a race later to see who's faster!
Brook: I will not lose!  I will run all the way to the horizon! Isn't this situation rather bad?!
Usopp: Oh, no!  The water level's quickly approaching us!
Brook & Usopp: Water!  Water!  It just keeps coming!
Zoro: Shut up!
Usopp: What's with you?!  Why are you so calm?!
Brook: Indeed!  Do you have some plan?
Zoro: Nope.
Usopp: Don't say it so bluntly!
Brook: His attitude is actually rather refreshing.
Zoro: If only I had my swords...
Usopp: Your swords?  What are you...
Brook: There is no choice. It appears that I must reveal that technique.
Usopp: Huh?  What technique?
Brook: Bone... Bone... Bone...
Usopp: Hey, Brook!  What are you doing? Hey, Brook?
Brook: Booooone! I've come out, with a "bone"! Well then, here I go.
Usopp: Hey, wait a second! Explain what the hell is going on!
Zoro: You can even do that now?
Brook: Indeed.  I have become capable of separating my soul from my body.
Usopp: With that skill, you really do seem like a dead guy.
Brook: Oh yes, it happened... back when I was touring the world as the Soul King. At the time, I had fallen into a slump. Both TD sales and concert attendance were dropping, and I was at a loss for what I should do.
Fan: Today's concert wasn't so good, was it? The songs just aren't that great. I just couldn't feel any soul to them, you know?
Manager: What happened to you, Brook?!  Make another song that will sell!
Brook: A song that will sell... Easier said than done. Music is a sublime art. Perhaps... Perhaps I... am just no longer loved by the god of music. Please, just once more... Just one more song. God!  Oh, god of music! Please grant me a melody that shakes the soul! God! Booooone! Wait, whaaaaaat?! What is going on?! After I learned this technique, I realized what my song writing was missing... and so I managed to make it out of my slump.
Usopp: What was missing?
Brook: Well... This technique even lets me slip through walls. What do you think I did? If you are a man, I am sure you already understand.
Usopp: I'm so jealous! Zoro, he's making me jealous!
Zoro: Shut up!
Brook: Oh!  When did the water level get so high?!
Usopp: Hurry up and do something!
Caimie: Luffy-chin... Boss Jinbe...
Nami: Luffy!  Jinbe!  Hang on! What are you two doing?!
Luffy: I'm gonna go to Ryuuguu Palace, rescue my friends, and send that Hody guy flying!
Jinbe: And I'm telling you not to be rash!
Sanji: Hey, now!  Why are you fighting?
Chopper: Stop it, you two!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama... Boss Jinbe-sama...
Luffy: Shark, give me a ride!  To Ryuuguu Palace!
Jinbe: I'm telling you, wait!
Luffy: Get out of my way!
Sanji: What?!
Caimie: Luffy-chin!
Chopper: What?!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama!
Luffy: T-That hurt...
Nami: What?!  It worked! I thought physical attacks couldn't hurt a rubber man!
Jinbe: The true power of Fishman Karate lies in its ability to control all water that it hits. It creates a shockwave, from the water in the air to the water inside one's body. All living creatures are clusters of water. Even a rubber man can't escape it!
Luffy: You bastard!
Jinbe: I will not let you go, Luffy! Is that all you got out of your training?
Luffy: I'm not done yet!
Robin: That's enough.
Chopper & Nami: Robin!
Sanji: Robin-chwan!
Luffy: Hey, get out of the way, Robin!
Jinbe: Who are you?!  Move!
Sanji: Robin-chan is in trouble! Huh? Robin-chan...
Robin: You mustn't fight. I don't know the circumstances here, but aren't you on the same side?
Chopper: Huh?!  How did Robin get to the forest?!
Fishman: S-Surrender! There's no way you can win!
Fishman Pirate: Who should surrender? You saw Boss Hody's broadcast, didn't you? This country is done for... Neptune will die!
Fishman: What?!
Fukaboshi: Stop this! You mustn't kill them. If you do that, you'll be no better than them!
Fishman: B-But...
Fukaboshi: Ryuuboshi!  Manboshi! Restrain them!
Manboshi: Understood -so-la-ti-do!
Ryuuboshi: Leave it to us!
Dosun: As soft as ever -dosun. Does weakness run through the Neptune royal family's bloodline?
Fukaboshi: Not only do you discriminate against humans, but you even attack your fellow fishmen! Have you no heart?!
Dosun: Even if they are of our race, anyone who sides with the humans will be executed -dosun! Die before your father, Fukaboshi!
Fukaboshi: Enough of this madness!
Fishman Pirate: Damn it.
Dosun: Damn it to hell.
Fishman: We did it!  We've captured the New Fishman Pirates! I'd expect no less from the three brothers, pride of the Neptune Royal Family!
Fishwoman: Prince Fukaboshi!
Guard: Leave the rest to us.
Fukaboshi: I'm counting on you.  Now, let us hurry to Gyoncord Plaza where our father is. Alright, let's go!
Hody: It's time to leave for the execution stand.
Fishman Pirate: Should we leave someone behind here in Ryuuguu Palace, Boss Hody?
Hody: No, there's no need. Ryuuguu Palace is impenetrable. Just leave behind a few gatekeepers to open the gates when we return. We can't have the King locked out of his own castle, after all!
Fishman Pirate: Yeah, you've got a point there!
Neptune: You're no King -jamon! You can't win the hearts of the people with violence!
Hody: You've only got a few hours left to live. Spout whatever nonsense you'd like until then. My wound is aching. The wound from that arrogant swordsman. The painkillers are wearing off.  Give me the Energy Steroids.
Fishman Pirate: S-Sure...
Hody: The pain is gone.
Fishman Pirate: Will he really be alright, taking that many? G-Good question... Boss, what about those three Straw Hats?
Hody: They're just humans.  Leave them alone, and they'll drown before long. Even if someone tries to save them, it's impossible to break into the palace. More importantly... How are things going with the new citizens from the Fishman District?
Fishman Pirate: No problems at all. They've already started to move in.
Hody: I see.  They'll have places to live soon enough. Many people will leave the country or be killed. They can just use their houses. This will become a fine country, where everyone despises the humans!
Brook: I have found our light of hope! Everyone seems to have disappeared for some reason, and the palace looks empty... but Pappagg-san has been left behind!
Usopp: Then, Brook.  Ask Pappagg to look for the keys to these chains right away. Oh, and the cage, and the room-
Zoro: Hang on, idiot. I just need one sword.  Bring my swords here. I'll cut through all our obstacles.
Usopp: Whoa, you're too reliable!
Brook: Well then, I'll go look for Pappagg now.
Pappagg: I-I'm scared... What's going on? Weren't we called here for a feast? I wonder if Straw Hat and the guys are alright?
Brook: Pappagg-san... Pappagg-san... I found you. I have arrived, with a "bone"!
Pappagg: Ghost!
Brook: Wait!
Pappagg: Ghosts are so scary!
Brook: Pappagg-san, it's me! We're in a hurry! Umm, get the key... No, a sword! Umm, listen...
Pappagg: Stay away from me! Noooooo!
Brook: Don't be like that!  Listen to me! Wait!
Chopper: Are you two alright? Oh, and Sanji too.
Jinbe: Just think about this, Luffy. What do you think will happen if you just go wild on Fishman Island? Whenever fishmen have tried to open their hearts to humans, the humans have only worked against them. "Humans are brutal creatures." "Humans discriminate against fishmen and hate them." The harsh reality of the situation is that history has taught fishmen to see things in a negative light. Even in the case of Arlong, more than a few of us think that humans hunted him down just because he was a fishman. And if you, the very same people who defeated Arlong, were to attack Hody as well, what would happen? Even if you saved Fishman Island from this crisis... they'd see you attack Hody, who is taking a stand against humanity. It will just remind them of Fishman Island's history, and convince them that things will never change.
Sanji: So you say, but Jinbe... It's natural for us to want to save our captured companions, and if we leave things the way they are, then Fishman Island will fall under Hody's control. We've got many friends here on this island. Hey, Hachi. You seem determined not to tell us who gave you those wounds, but you also said... that Hody will even attack fishmen who want to be friends with humans, right? You... were attacked because you stood up for us, weren't you?
Nami: Hachi...
Caimie: Hacchin... Is that true?  Did Hody and his men do this to you?!
Hachi: Well...
Sanji: Jinbe.  To Luffy, knowing that this is your country just gives him another reason to fight. Back when our captain was in trouble, I heard that you were the one that saved him. We're all indebted to you. We can never fully express our gratitude. If Luffy feels that way, then we all feel that way as well. We can't just leave this island behind. We have a reason to fight. After all... Caimie-chan is here! Shirahoshi-chan is here too! Indeed!  This country is the Mermaid Paradise of my dreams!
Luffy: Get out of my way, Jinbe. I said I'm going, so I'm going.
Jinbe: I will not let you!  Leave this to me!
Luffy: Why, you!  I'll just have to send you flying and then go!
Jinbe: If you won't listen to what I say, I'll stand up to you as many times as I must!
Luffy: What was that?!
Nami: Stop it, you two!
Narrator: The time of Neptune's execution draws ever closer. Hody's powerful companions finally make their move. The New Fishman Pirates attack each area of Fishman Island one after another. While that happens, a terrifying transformation befalls Hody's body, just as he realizes his ambitions.
