Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates... have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But there, the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and Vander Decken has been stalking the Mermaid Princess Shirahoshi. The crew find themselves drawn into these events. Zoro, Usopp and Brook have been captured by Hody in Ryuuguu Palace.
Luffy: I'm gonna go to Ryuuguu Palace, rescue my friends, and send that Hody guy flying!
Jinbe: And I'm telling you not to be rash!
Pirate: Alright, it's finally time for the decisive battle! Whatever! When the King loses his head, the soldiers' morale will crash!  Finishing them off will be easy! In other words, it's just a matter of time until a new Kingdom is born! I can't wait!
Narrator: Central Fishman Island, Candy Factory Town.
Pirate: Daruma-san?!  What the... Those walls are made of rock. What are his jaws made of?
Daruma: My teeth hurt! Idiots! You bring me cappuccino and some sort of fancy cake for my precious snack time?! You think I'm some sort of office lady?!
Pirate: F-Forgive me, Daruma-san!
Daruma: How about I just eat the flesh off your bones instead?! Huge fish bones are my favorite food! Don't forget it!
Pirate: Yes, Sir.  I'll be incredibly careful from now on.
Daruma: Well, whatever.  I'll just feast on the royal family and the royal guard to my heart's content instead! I'm gonna head over to Gyoncord Plaza. Everyone's going to be there!  Don't be late!
Pirate: What about the citizens?
Daruma: Didn't you hear what the boss said? He said "You can quit with the fumi-e!" Do what you want with 'em! Every single one of them already knows that their fate has been decided!
Citizen: In the New Fishman Pirates, including Hody, four of the generals are shark fishmen. On top of that, one is a giant squid. They also have the best swordsman on Fishman Island.  That blue-ringed octopus fishman mercenary.
Citizen2: And the ones our hopes are resting on are... the three Neptune brothers.
Citizen3: They can definitely do it!  The Princes can do it!
Dosun: Kotsun...
Narrator: Northern Fishman Island, Waterwheel Town
Fishman: The Princes were heading toward Gyoncord Plaza.
Fishman2: What's going to happen to our country?
Fishman: Good question. Why are our lives being threatened just because we wanted to improve fishman-human relations.
Fishman2: The King being executed is unthinkable. If we use the guys that the Princes captured as hostages... then couldn't we stop them?
Dosun: Hostages... It's all over. Boss Hody is a callous man -kotsun. If we're hostages, then he'll just throw our lives away -kotsun.
Pirate: This is no good. After all the damage that he took from Prince Fukaboshi's group, Dosun-san's power gauge has fallen all the way down to "kotsun".
Pirate2: Hurry up and get him an energy steroid... Alright!
Dosun: He's always been that way. He's too proud -potsun...
Fishman: Potsun?
Dosun: He even hates the fishmen who've done business with human pirates -bosun.
Fishwoman: Bosun?
Dosun: And any fishmen found giving a blood transfusion to a human will get a knife in the back -tosun.
Fishman: Tosun?
Dosun: Human blood is dirty -tosun. We give and they take, and then they... look down on the blood of fishmen -dosun!
Pirate: He's back to being Dosun-san!
Dosun: Any fishmen who support those inferior humans... are interfering with our ambitions!
Guard: Quiet!
Dosun: They're in the way -dokan!
Pirates: He's gone past dosun!
Fishman: He broke out of the chains!
Soldier: Why you!
Fishman: The soldiers were taken out in an instant!
Dosun: You hear that Fukaboshi -pokan?! I'm smashing you next -zugan! Let's go, guys -bagon! To Gyoncord Plaza, the site of the execution -gyaban!
Pirates: Yeah!
Narrator: Southern Fishman Island, in front of the Fish-People Cultural Center.
Hyouzou: Eh?  Who's drunk?
Pirate: You are, Hyouzou-san!
Pirate2: Pull yourself together!  You can't fight like this!
Hyouzou: It's fine.  It's fine.  I'll cover the bill.
Pirate: What're you talking about?! You know we're going to be fighting the Neptune Army, led by Fukaboshi. If we don't fight seriously, even Jinbe might show up! Come on, stand up!
Pirate2: It's no use. He's as slippery and as shameless as a sea cucumber.
Hyouzou: But you're so good at spinning your head around...
Pirate: Nothing's spinning!  You're just wasted!
Pirate2: Jeez, he can't even hold a sword like this!
Hyouzou: You say I can't hold a sword?
Pirate3: Hey!  Get away from him! When Hyouzou's this wasted, he starts cutting things down indiscriminately! He's a murderous drunk! Murderous... drunk? He killed his own allies?!
Hyouzou: I'm not done yet!
Pirate3: I still wanna kill more people!
Pirate: H-Hyouzou-san, please hurry over to the plaza... and massacre the Neptune family over there, okay?
Pirates: Nobody knows what you're saying!
Narrator: Eastern Fishman Island, Marine Shopping Mall
Fishman: I swear on my honor as a former soldier of the Neptune Army, I won't let you go around acting like you own the place! Huh?!  He's gone!
Fishman2: What's going on?!
Fishman: Why you!  He vanished again!
Fishman2: What the hell is he doing?
Zeo: This is already over. Just what do you think you can do? It's pointless!
Pirate: Zeo-san can change his color to mimic his environment, like a chameleon. Even we don't know where he is!
Fishman: T-There's no way we can win against this kind of ability!
Zeo: If there was any kind of hope... it would be the three Neptune brothers. But even they are going to die. In other words, the likes of you...
Pirate: There's a bug!
Pirate2: Stomp it dead!
Fishman: What?  The voice... it stopped halfway through...
Pirate: How's that?  Is the cockroach dead?
Pirate2: Yeah, it's completely flat.
Zeo: In other words, the likes of you have no place to run. No place to run!
Pirate: He maintained his dignity! As we'd expect from the noble of the Fishman District.
Pirate2: Is he pretending nothing happened?
Zeo: This is a revolution. In Gyoncord Plaza, no matter what happens here, today will be the death of the Neptune Royal Family, and with it, the birth of a new king. Now, let's go to the plaza!
Pirate: Captain Hody!  W-What's wrong?!
Hody: I'm fine.
Pirate: But...
Hody: Hey, bring them to me.  All of them.
Pirate: "Them"?  You don't mean... You shouldn't take any more Energy Steroids! No matter how you look at it, this is too much!
Hody: You wanna get your face smashed in? Quit your yapping!
Pirate: Captain!  We've already got King Neptune! We've already won, so you don't have to take so many...
Pirate2: That's right!  Don't overdo it!
Luffy: There's no time! If you're gonna get out of the way, do it now!
Jinbe: No way!  I thought I told you to leave it to me! I've said all I can, so why don't you understand?!
Luffy: Shut up! When my friends are in trouble, I don't give a damn about the history between humans and fishmen.
Jinbe: That's it!  That's exactly why you should wait!
Chopper: But saving our friends and saving the kingdom are the same thing! How did it come to this?!
Fukaboshi: How long until we reach Gyoncord Plaza?
Soldier: It's less than one hour away. But there's no way he'd go so far out of his way just to execute the king in the plaza. That can't be their true motive. All they want is to lure you out there!
Fukaboshi: It doesn't matter what their motives are. This is something we have to do. I won't let them lay a finger on Father. I won't let him close the hearts of the citizens that we worked so hard to open either!
Manboshi: I guess this is why Jinbe never took his eyes off Hody. It must be because of Hody that no human pirates have been coming to the island lately.
Ryuuboshi: Shirahoshi is probably still inside Koukaku Tower. I'm worried that we haven't received any information on her -fa-so-la-ti-do!
Manboshi: Say, Brother Fukaboshi, what do you think of the Straw Hat Pirates?
Fukaboshi: Madame Shyarly certainly predicted that they will destroy this island, but... When I met them face-to-face, I certainly didn't feel any malice.
Manboshi: I agree.  They're friends with Jinbe too, and the mermaids in the bay said that they're not bad people. Those mermaids' ability to read personalities is quite sharp.
Fukaboshi: But now is not the time to be worrying about things we don't understand.
Ryuuboshi: That's exactly right -la-ti-do!
Fukaboshi: Gather all the soldiers in the country.  We will definitely rescue the king!
Soldiers: Sir!
Narrator: Fishverly Hills in northeast Fishman Island.
Minister of the Left: You cur!
Minister of the Right: Why are we completely helpless against a single sea creature? There's something strange about that beast.
Pirate: Just look at those poor soldiers! Good job, Sea Bear! The Energy Steroids were too effective!
Pirate2: Calm down, Sea Bear!  That's enough! The soldiers are all but finished! Stop, Sea Bear! Get fire!  Sea beasts are weak against fire! Stop! What's going on?  Ikaros-san's body's all weird. What kind of curse is this?!
Ikaros: Put the fire out -hi!  You damn idiot! Oh, the crackling fire -hi...
Pirate: What about the fire?
Ikaros: I'm going to become grilled squid -hi! You think we're gonna grill you, idiot?! Oh, excuse me. If you were thinking about trying to grill me to death, then you can kiss your life goodbye -hi!
Pirate: It never even occurred to me, idiot!  Oh, excuse me.
Pirate2: A long time ago, Ikaros-san had a good friend who was a giant squid. But then, one day, he got too close to the sun... and he became giant grilled squid. That trauma means that whenever he sees fire...
Ikaros: Daidaros!
Pirate: As if the same thing could happen to a fishman.
Ikaros: Daida... Be careful from now on!
Pirate: Oh no!  When his dried squid spear pierces someone, it will drain all their water and turn back into a squid.
Ikaros: Squid! Squid!  Squid!  Squid!
Pirate: H-He's too cruel, hitting that guy even after he's been sucked dry...
Pirate2: Ikaros-san, please stop! We've got to get to the plaza, right?
Ikaros: Indeed!
Pirate: Oh no... Now I'm a dried squid. Minister of the Right, look in the sky!
Minister of the Right: Is that Hody?
Soldier: I can't see Hody, but they are from the Fishman District! They're heading toward the plaza!
Citizen: Damn them!
Citizen2: Look!  The King's up there!
Citizen: King Neptune!
Citizen2: Please save us!
Citizen: Show us the miracles of the Great Knight!
Neptune: Don't call me the Great Knight. I can't even protect my subjects like this... It's too cruel!
Minister: Your Majesty... Even though we call ourselves the Royal Army, we couldn't even protect a single King. What's the point of such an army?!
Pirate: Ikaros-san, just two hours left until the king's execution! Let's head toward Gyoncord Plaza!
Ikaros: What's happened to Captain Hody? He's there, isn't he -hi?! Why doesn't he show his face -hi?!
Pirate: Well...
Neptune: It's a drug that gives you power by shortening your life. This is merely the consequence of relying on it too much.
Hody: Shut it!
Pirate: Captain Hody says the wound he got from that pirate swordsman has been aching...
Ikaros: Wounded?  Our captain?!
Pirate: ...so he's been taking Energy Steroid after Energy Steroid to dull the pain. And then, well, we tried to stop him, but...
Pirate2: Captain Hody!
Hody: It... hurts... to... breathe... My body's about to explode!
Ikaros: Is this some sort of side effect -hi?! I knew that drug was bad stuff -hi!
Guy: He... he...
Pirate: What's the matter, Sea Bear?! Something's wrong.  The sea creatures are all under... Hody's control, but I've never seen such fear in their eyes. Captain Hody?
Pirate2: A-Are you okay?
Hody: What're you talking about?  Who's in trouble?
Ikaros: Captain Hody!
Hody: Oh, there's some soldiers over here too? Shooting water
Narrator: Before the power of Hody's new form, the Neptune Army falls to ruin. The people have only one hope remaining: The three Neptune brothers. They finally appear face-to-face with Hody, and the battle begins.
Luffy: Next time, on One Piece:
Title: The Decisive Battle Begins Gyoncord Plaza
