Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates... have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But there, the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and Vander Decken has been stalking the Mermaid Princess Shirahoshi. The crew find themselves drawn into these events. Zoro, Usopp and Brook have been captured by Hody in Ryuuguu Palace.
Luffy: Get out of my way, Jinbe. I said I'm going, so I'm going.
Jinbe: I will not let you!  Leave this to me!
Luffy: Why, you!  I'll just have to send you flying and then go!
Jinbe: If you won't listen to what I say, I'll stand up to you as many times as I must!
Luffy: What was that?!
Hody: Oh, there's some soldiers over here too?
Ikaros: Captain Hody, you're amazing -hi! Hard to believe you were just writhing in pain from taking too many Energy Steroids -hi.
Fishman: Th- The Neptune Army was defeated. They've been crushed. I can't believe how strong Hody is. Right Minister! Left Minister! Neptune-sama! Your Majesty!
Hody: We're going to Gyoncord Plaza.
Fishman: Ah!  Neptune-sama!
Left Minister: Neptune-sama... Almost... We almost made it! It looked like your dreams would've come to pass during this year's World Council Meeting... Queen Otohime! And all of a sudden, this happens! Please, watch over him... At this rate, the King will be killed! Please, keep our King safe!
Fishkid: Mommy!
Fishman: What's gonna happen to this country?!
Pirate: Captain... Hey, Captain! Captain Decken!  Things can only get better.
Decken: You idiot!  I don't want you comforting me! Do you have any idea how it feels to be rejected when you reach out to someone?! Sure, Shirahoshi was just a kid at first... I just decided to marry her so that I could fulfill my ancestors' dreams. But look at her now!
Shirahoshi: You're just not my type.
Decken: "You're just not my type." Upon hearing her say this, I realized my feelings... I presume. I realized my feelings... I presume. (Haiku with too many syllables) - By Vander Decken the Ninth My love was unrequited... Unrequited! Because she turned me down, I've cut my hair!
Pirates: Only the top of his head?!
Decken: I want to kill her right here and now, and yet she still lives! She must be alive because the items I throw still fly at her! That damned Straw Hat is protecting her! Oh, right.
Pirate: What is it?
Decken: I know!  I just have to destroy everything! Every last thing! I just had a great idea!
Guard: Let the King go, Hody! Stop!  Or we'll shoot!
Neptune: Run away, my soldiers! You mustn't die in vain -jamon!
Ikaros: I won't let you escape -hi! Sea Bear!
Daruma: Finally, you're here!  I was tired of waiting!
Pirate: Hyouzou-san, we're here! Don't come near him!  He's dangerous!
Dosun: We're here -dokan!
Zeo: There is nowhere for you to run.
Fishman: We can't get inside! The entrance to Gyoncord Plaza has been shut! Neptune-sama! Let's climb above the plaza! We might be able to peek inside! Hurry!
Jinbe: Sheesh... You've caused me so much trouble. We've wasted too much time.  Now, let's go, Your Highness!
Shirahoshi: Y-yes.
Jinbe: Take care of Hachi for me, Caimie.
Caimie: Uh, alright!
Jinbe: Go, Megalo!
Pirate: These soldiers claimed that they were gonna protect the country!  How pathetic!
Neptune: My men...
Guard: Hody!
Zeo: That soldier over there is up to something.
Daruma: Where?
Dosun: He's gonna blow himself up with dynamite, and try to take some of us with him -bokan!
Ikaros: Muhi!  If he does that, I'll turn into a fried squid -hi!
Guard: It might help if I can take out even one of Hody's men before the Princes get here!
Fishman: That guy's dangerous! How far is it gonna go?!
Mermaid: What's that? Huh? I can hear something...
Fishman: Hey... I thought the Uchimizu attack had only the same power as a bullet?
Ikaros: Even if it is because you've taken so many Energy Steroids, that was amazing -hi!
Zeo: Your hair's gone all white, and your body has changed... How do you feel, Captain?
Hody: Never been better.
Manboshi: Soldiers... Why didn't you wait for us?!
Neptune: Fukaboshi!  Ryuuboshi!  Manboshi! Be careful!  The sea beasts and the fishmen have all taken drugs!
Ryuuboshi: Figures.  Otherwise, I doubt the Neptune Army would have fallen so easily -re-mi-fa!
Manboshi: Wait just a little longer, Father!
Fukaboshi: Why don't you understand, Hody Jones?! You are far weaker than anyone else on this island! The citizens of this island have turned their backs on a long history of discrimination by the humans. They let time wash away the deaths of a hero and the Queen even though humans killed them. They clenched their teeth and committed themselves to change the future... by putting down their signatures!
Fishman: Prince... Fukaboshi-sama!
Fukaboshi: Why don't you understand that there's strength in their kindness?!
Hody: Kindness?  What good is that nonsense? Do you want to be betrayed by the humans again?
Crowd: Th-They beat the sea beasts!
Fukaboshi: You fools only want to hold onto your grudges and take revenge. The King's head, the home of the citizens, and Ryuuguu Kingdom itself... We will not let you take any of it!
Fishman: They're so strong!  I'd expect no less from the three brothers of Ryuuguu Kingdom!
Hody: You think you've won? You've only beaten the sea beasts. We won't lose. We have been granted power from the heavens. Power that will let us create a real country for Fishmankind.
Manboshi: We will take you down, and choose a future where we can love the humans!
Ryuuboshi: If you win now then it might be hundreds of years before humans and fishmen can coexist peacefully!
Hody: Say what you want. But in the end, this country... will belong to the winners, right?
Ryuuboshi: There's something strange about them... Here they come!
Fukaboshi: W-What is this?!
Zeo: Too slow.
Dosun: Dosun!
Ikaros: Squid!
Jinbe: Hurry, Megalo!
Shirahoshi: Father... Please be safe...
Jinbe: It's alright.  We'll be fine!
Fukaboshi: Is this... the power of their drugs?!
Narrator: Shirahoshi and Jinbe hurry to Gyoncord Plaza in an attempt to rescue King Neptune... but they fall into Hody's trap and are captured. Hody, certain that he's obtained complete control of Fishman Island, reveals an astonishing truth that he's been hiding for many years!
