Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates... have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But there, the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and Vander Decken has been stalking the Mermaid Princess Shirahoshi. The crew find themselves drawn into these events.
Hody: I've been capturing human slaves on the ocean floor for the past month... Thirty thousand of them! And seventy thousand fishmen, all heavily armed! They've moved here from the closed-off Fishman District. In all, we've got a hundred thousand outlaws! Behold, the size of this mob! This is my strength! My plan has been in the works for ten years! Shall I tell you... who killed the beloved Queen of Ryuuguu Kingdom? Your beloved Otohime was killed... by me!
Jinbe: What?!
Hody: It was not some human that killed your mother. It was me, a fellow fishman! I, the very person before your eyes, was the one who killed her!
Shirahoshi: I knew.
Neptune: Shirahoshi!
Hody: What?! You knew that I killed your mother? What nonsense is this, Shirahoshi?!
Fukaboshi: Father!  Are you alright? Hang in there!
Neptune: Shirahoshi...
Shirahoshi: A few years after the incident, Megalo told me in secret.
Hody: Megalo?
Jinbe: Megalo did that?
Shirahoshi: Is that true, Megalo? I see... Megalo used to be the pet of the Neptune Army. He saw everything that happened that day.
Fukaboshi: Mother!  Mother!
Jinbe: I don't believe it. In that case, why didn't you tell us, Princess Shirahoshi?!
Shirahoshi: If I did... people would probably end up hating Hody-sama. If that happened, Mother would've been so sad. It was the final promise I made with my mother. Whoever the killer was... We mustn't be angry and we mustn't hate them!
Otohime: So, whoever the culprit is... please don't be angry for me. Don't lose yourself in anger and hatred because of me.
Manboshi: Shirahoshi... You...
Ryuuboshi: No way... So you...
Fukaboshi: In order to stay true to Mother's wishes from ten years ago... you've been bearing the weight of the truth alone inside Koukaku Tower all this time?!
Jinbe: She doesn't resent the person who killed her mother?! Even if it was her mother's dying wish, that's practically impossible! What a respectful, brave daughter! Who else could do something like that? Don't laugh, you scum!
Hody: How could I not laugh at this?! Right, Megalo? If you'd just attracted everyone's attention and raised the alarm when it happened, you might have revealed that I was the assassin. I'm amazed that you were able to stay silent. And then you chose this boneheaded brat to reveal the truth to! Had you told anyone else, my plans would have been ruined before they began! Listen close, Shirahoshi. In the real world, we call that "Idiocy". Because you refused to hate me, this kingdom will fall. Because of you... your father, your brothers, you, and your people will all die... Shirahoshi!
Jinbe: He's wrong!  Don't listen to him, Your Highness! What you did was not a mistake!
Hody: What else could it be?!
Fishman: Your Highness! Princes! Stop!  Please stop this!
Shirahoshi: Father!  Brothers!
Pirate: How pathetic!
Mermaid: No way!
Fishman: It's hopeless.
Daruma: So much for the great warrior!  He's a total mess! He's already within an inch of losing his life!
Ikaros: Captain Hody's techniques are too powerful for them -hi! At this rate, they might not even survive to be executed -hi!
Hody: That would be bad. We have to decapitate him, or I won't be satisfied. Hey, hand me a sword. Jinbe and Shirahoshi, the two people I was worried about, have been captured. There's no reason to keep to the schedule anymore. We will now commence the execution... of these foolish Royals!
Fishman: Do it!  Kill them! Execute them! Execute them!  Execute them!  Execute them! The Great Knight Neptune... is really going to be killed! This is hell on Earth! Our enemies are a hundred thousand outlaws... This country is done for!
Kid: Madame Shyarly!
Shyarly: Children...
Kid: Hey... That pirate with the hat... When is he going to come and destroy the island?! Huh?!  When?!
Shyarly: I don't know. My predictions only show what will happen... It could be tomorrow, or a year from now.
Kid: I think he should do it now. If he started wreaking havoc right now, we'd be in trouble... but the bad guys would also be in trouble, right?! I want him to come now too!  I don't want the King to die! Me too!
Fishman: The children are right. I think it'd be for the best, too.
Fishwoman: Yes... Yes...
Fishman: Hey!  Straw Hat Luffy! If you want to destroy the island, then come do it now! Wreak havoc here, right now! Yeah!  Can you hear us, Straw Hat?! If you're still on the island, then come now! Straw Hat! Straw Hat!  Straw Hat!  Straw Hat! Straw Hat!  Straw Hat!  Straw Hat!
Hody: Unbelievable. They're literally clutching at straws! Shyarly's predictions have always been accurate but, just this once, it seems to have been a big lie.
Zeo: Such futile shouts.
Hody: Time to drag those delusional fools back to reality. Hear me, citizens! Now, the former King Neptune's... execution will commence!
Fukaboshi: Father...
Hody: Watch closely... as the former King Neptune's head flies! When it happens, a rotten king who didn't have any ancestral pride, will be gone! A new Fishman Kingdom, where we rule over the humans, will be born! This is the end of the shameless Ryuuguu Kingdom!
Neptune: How regrettable...
Hody: Die!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama... Luffy-sama... Please, protect my father! Luffy-sama!
Fishman: Megalo? T-That's... Straw Hat... Luffy! He really... did show up! Hey, did you see that? He saved King Neptune! Yeah... And I'm sure I just heard Princess Shirahoshi asking him for help...
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama!
Zeo: He came out of the shark?!
Daruma: He's been hiding in its belly the whole time?! Why?!
Jinbe: You came out early? Well, I guess you had no choice. Hurry, all of you!
Ikaros: What?  Who is he talking to -hi?!
Nami: Don't worry.  We were already hurrying. It would take some sort of impossible miracle... for Luffy to wait quietly according to plan. Mirage canceled!
Ikaros: A woman appeared out of nowhere -hi!
Nami: Is this it, Jinbe-chan? The form from the Celestial Dragons?
Jinbe: Excellent, you got it!
Pirate: No way!  Huh?! The form's gone!  When did she... You fool!  What were you doing?!
Nami: And Robin's got the keys to their chains.
Pirate: No way... The keys are gone! What were you doing?!
Manboshi: The chains!
Fukaboshi: What is this?
Shirahoshi: Robin-sama...
Neptune: What is this?
Fukaboshi: Father!  Are you alright?!
Fishman: Hey, look up at the sky!  What is that?
Fukaboshi: That's...
Fishman: A whale... and a lion? No, that's not it! That's...
Pirate: It's a pirate ship!
Franky: Fire! Now!  Go, whale!
Fukaboshi: Hoe?!
Jinbe: Princes!  Hurry and get out of here, and take the King with you!
Fukaboshi: Understood!
Dosun: Not gonna happen!  Stop -zugan!
Pirate: They took the Royals!
Dosun: Damn it!  Return the Royal Family -gyaban!
Neptune: What... happened?
Fukaboshi: It looks like Jinbe made a plan with Straw Hat and his crew.
Fishman: I never thought he'd actually show up. Hey, look! That's...
Chopper: Look!  There are so many people!
Usopp: Hey, now!  Are all of these guys enemies?
Sanji: Probably.  From looking at them, I'd say there are about seventy or eighty thousand... No, closer to a hundred thousand.
Brook: This is a little harsh.
Zoro: In that case, feel free to go nap in your room. I'll take them all out!
Sanji: The hell was that?!
Franky: I can see that you're itching for a fight. Let's put on a flashy show, men!
Fishman: Look!  The Straw Hats are getting off the ship, one after another! Hey, Straw Hat Luffy! Do you really plan to destroy the island?! Why did you occupy Ryuuguu Palace?! Are you planning to kill the Royal Family too?! Did you kidnap those mermaids?! Hey, answer us! Are you Fishman Island's enemies?  Or are you allies? Answer us, Straw Hat!
Luffy: Friend or foe... You guys can... decide that for yourselves!
Narrator: The Straw Hat Pirates have assembled in Gyoncord Plaza. But Hody boasts that he will become the Pirate King himself, and attacks Luffy and the others with the overwhelming numbers of the New Fishman Pirates. With only ten people, the showdown for Fishman Island's fate begins at last!
