Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, the Straw Hat Pirates have gone to Fishman Island. There they find that the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom. The crew find themselves drawn into local events.
Luffy: Friend or foe... You guys can... decide that for yourselves!
Citizen: He's the one who broke into Navy HQ twice two years ago... Straw Hat Luffy!
Pirate: They even brought their ship.
Pirate2: It's the entire Straw Hat crew!
Daruma: Who would've thought that Straw Hat was hiding inside the shark's mouth?
Zeo: But didn't we leave that skeleton tied up in Ryuuguu Palace?
Fishman: We were waiting for you, Straw Hat!
Fishman2: They actually came!
Kid: Madame Shyarly, the pirate with the hat just showed up!
Kid2: He saved the Royal Family!
Shyarly: Straw Hat Boy...
Luffy: Was that good enough, Jinbe?
Nami: For Luffy, don't you think he did pretty good?
Jinbe: Yes, but things didn't exactly go according to plan.
Luffy: Move!
Jinbe: I will not!
Caimie: Luffy-chin... Boss Jinbe...
Sanji: Come on, we just gonna stand around?
Shirahoshi: Um, excuse me, my father's life is...
Luffy: I said move, so move already! I'm going to kick their asses, even if I have to go through you!
Jinbe: How many times are you going to make me say it? I told you to wait! Listen to what I have to say! What kind of relationship do we have?
Luffy: We're friends.
Jinbe: That's right. For years now, it's been a struggle for fishmen and humans to create a simple relationship like ours. The reason why I told you not to fight with Hody... is because I didn't want you to start a reckless fight. Don't act rashly! If you just beat up Hody, then the people of this island will see you as nothing but another heartless human. Instead of that, please become the hero who saved Fishman Island!
Luffy: Hero? Don't wanna!
Jinbe: Whaaat?!
Luffy: We're pirates! I love heroes, but I don't wanna be one! Do you even know what it means to be a hero?
Jinbe: Hmm?
Luffy: Well, think about the meat, right? Pirates eat meat at huge feasts, but heroes have to take the meat and share it with people. I wanna eat the meat!
Nami: What kind of logic is that?
Sanji: He's just worried about meat?
Jinbe: Fine.  I'll give you meat, so just do what I tell you!
Luffy: Okay.
Chopper: It's that easy?!
Jinbe: To put it simply, I'll have you help me. As long as you can do that, it'll be fine.
Luffy: Help you?
Jinbe: Yes, first Megalo and I will intentionally get captured and infiltrate their position. And then, when I have their attention, one of you will stealthily sneak out of Megalo's stomach.
Luffy: From inside his stomach?
Jinbe: And then you'll get the Celestial Dragons' form.
Luffy: What form?
Sanji: Oh right, Luffy was asleep, so he barely heard a word of Jinbe's story.
Jinbe: Well, it's a very important piece of paper that Queen Otohime risked her life to get ten years ago. The other thing we need is the key to the King's chains. Stealing those things... Do we have someone who can do that?
Nami: Leave the theft to me. I could do it... with Robin's help.
Robin: Quite.
Jinbe: So after you've freed the King, I'll ask Luffy-kun to help me. And then you'll make a grand entrance out of Megalo's stomach. Everyone will understand that Luffy-kun and I are working together. The Princess can wait in a safe location outside the plaza, ready to take the letter. Then she can escape with the King and the others, once they have been freed. While that is happening, the rest of you will hurry to Ryuuguu Palace and release our allies. Once that's done, hurry back to the plaza. As for how you free our allies in the palace... Come up with something yourself.
Sanji: That isn't a plan!
Franky: Super-leave it to me! I've got the Sunny, so I'll be sure to come up with that something.
Jinbe: If we follow this plan, how do you think the citizens will react? You two?
Hachi: Jinbe-san is respected by both the citizens of the island and the villagers from the Fishman District.
Caimie: That's right, if everyone sees that Boss trusts Luffy-chin with his life while they save the King, then I'm sure that everyone will cheer for Luffy-chin!
Hachi: Straw Hat.
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama.
Luffy: I'm only doing it because you're the one who's asking, Jinbe! Being cheered on by everyone will just distract me!
Nami: That doesn't happen very often, after all.
Sanji: With mermaid ladies cheering for me, I could defeat the devil himself!
Jinbe: Thanks.
Robin: Well then, it appears to be settled.
Nami: All that's left is to do it! Are you still worried about something?
Jinbe: What should we name this operation?
Sanji: We don't need a bloody name!
Luffy: Alright, let's hurry!
Jinbe: It looks like they were able to rescue our allies from Ryuuguu Palace.
Papagg: Straw!
Luffy: Oh, Pappagg! I'm glad you're not hurt!
Pappagg: But, but... I kept thinking I was about to die because of these guys!
Citizen: Straw Hat Luffy is a human pirate that's on our side, right?
Fishman: Princess Shirahoshi asked him for help! He's come with Boss Jinbe to save this country!
Fishmen: Straw Hat!
Zeo: It sounds like you've become quite popular... but you shouldn't get cocky just because you snatched the King away from us! You're still just human pirates!
Brook: Mermaid Princess-san, you are so lovely. Excuse me, but you wouldn't let me see your panties, would-
Nami: Cut that out!  She's the Mermaid Princess.
Brook: Okay, can I settle for Nami-san's?
Nami: Settle?!
Luffy: Well, it looks like everyone's finally here.
Daruma: They totally ignored you!
Zeo: I said it quietly intentionally so they couldn't hear me!
Sanji: Nami-swan!  I was the one who saved those idiots! Have you fallen for me?
Nami: Yeah, whatever.
Zoro: What an idiot, we made it to the exit by ourselves.
Usopp: Yep.
Pappagg: That's because I saved you!
Nami: Pappagg, you saved them?
Usopp: But before that, Brook became a ghost.
Luffy: A ghost?
Brook: That's right.  I was able to make good use of a new technique that I've learned. We're in a hurry, you see.  So if you'd get those keys... no wait, those swords? You see, time's running out...
Pappagg: Get away from me, Ghost!
Brook: Pappagg-san!
Pappagg: Why does a ghost know my name?
Brook: It's me.  Me.
Pappagg: Wha!  I don't know any ghosts!  Huh? You wouldn't happen to be... Bones?
Usopp: Th-th-the water's here! What're you doing, Brook?!  We're running out of time!
Brook: Sorry to keep you waiting.
Usopp: Oh, welcome back.
Pappagg: Here's your swords!
Brook: Marvelous, Zoro-san.
Usopp: Great, Zoro!  We're free! You're cutting way too much!
Zoro: Really?
Pappagg: I can't swim any more.
Usopp: I can't hold my breath...
Zoro: Dammit.
Usopp: It's all over.
Chopper: Zoro, Usopp, Brook!
Frankie: We super-came to greet you!
Sanji: It looks like we made it just in time.
Brook: And that's how it happened.
Chopper: Brook's new technique sounds amazing, but even so... They don't look worried at all, even though Luffy took out their captain.
Robin: Indeed.  How strange.
Nami: Here you go. The Celestial Dragons' form.
Shirahoshi: Thank you very much, every one of you. This is Fishman Island's greatest hope, it's my mother's legacy.
Luffy: But then again, Weak-hoshi is bit of a liability.
Jinbe: It certainly wasn't part of my plan for her to be captured, but I'm not sure how to get her out of here.
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama, are you talking about me?
Luffy: Yeah.
Shirahoshi: Just that, up until now you've been calling me, "Wimp."
Luffy: Yeah, I didn't know all the details. You're not as much of a wimp as I thought you were. So from now on, you're... Weak-hoshi!
Robin: Anybody can react with anger and hatred when they are faced with trouble. Just like that man who was insulting you.
Nami: A wimp would never have the strength to hold all of that hatred inside of themselves.
Jinbe: That's exactly right. It must have been incredibly trying for Princess Shirahoshi over all those years.
Shirahoshi: My sincerest apologies.  This is all happening because I kept the truth to myself.
Jinbe: That's fine.  You should be proud. We mustn't let the hatred get the better of us. Those great people wouldn't want us to.
Tiger: Don't tell the people on our island anything!
Otohime: Don't lose yourself in anger and hatred because of me.
Jinbe: You planted a small seed in your heart. We can hope that the seed will grow and cover the island. If a day comes when everyone thinks the same way as you do... then there would be no more strife between fishmen and humans, and the cycle of revenge would disappear. I don't want to disrespect those long years that you endured... Alone day after day, protecting that seed with your life. But now, we'd like your permission to help protect that seed.
Shiroshi: Y-Y-Yes! Thank you so very much!
Luffy: You're not a wimp, but you sure are a crybaby!
Fishmen: Straw Hat!  Go get 'em!
Hody: Vander Decken wasn't of any use at all. He was supposed to eliminate Shirahoshi.
Pirates: Captain Hody!
Zeo: As I thought. The Energy Steroids are still in his system.
Daruma: Well, he took so many! The captain's back!
Hody: The legendary Mermaid Princess with her troubling power... All he had to do was eliminate Shirahoshi quickly. Hell, and now I've been played for a fool. Jinbe... I should have figured it out when you let yourself be captured so easily. You've really become a human-lover! You're the type of person I hate the most! Fisher Tiger and your sworn brother Arlong were both raised in the Fishman District with you, and both of them were killed by humans. But instead of avenging your brother's death, you've gone and made friends with the one who killed him! You've become even worse than Neptune, you damned coward! When I become the king of this island, everything will change. This year's World Council Meeting will be the perfect opportunity. I'll go to Mariejoa and slaughter all the human kings of the world. Then the curtain will rise on our feared undersea kingdom! We'll drag all the humans of the world down to the sea floor, and make them our slaves! Eventually there will be no one left to oppose fishmankind! It will be the same in the world of piracy. All of the pirates will grovel in front of the New Fishman Pirates! Look at this! These are the faces of the pirates who know my strength. This is your future. Straw Hat, in the end I will be the one worthy of being called Pirate King.
Luffy: Pirate King?
Hody: What can a mere ten pirates do? A mere breath from me is enough to send you flying. I've got one hundred thousand!
Fishman: How does Straw Hat and Boss Jinbe stand a chance against that many with only ten people? If they lose this fight, then Hody will take Fishman Island. We'll have to flee from the only homes we've ever known. Win!  Straw Hat!  Boss Jinbe!
Kids: Straw Hat!
Hody: Kill them, New Fishman Pirates!
Chopper: There's one hundred thousand of them! How can we fight that many?! It's impossible!
Pappagg: Nothing good has ever come from being friends with you guys.
Robin: It looks like we may be crushed before we even get a chance to fight.
Usopp: Crushed!?  Too scary!
Brook: So, one hundred thousand enemies... It certainly is an astonishing amount. It's enough to make your eyes pop out. But then, I don't have any eyes to pop out.
Nami: What's one hundred thousand enemies?!  Let's get it started!
Usopp: Easy for you to say! You're using us as human shields!
Franky: So my time has finally come. Super Armored Me! Now, come at me from wherever you want!
Sanji: We have ten people... so each of us have to take out ten thousand.
Zoro: Superior numbers doesn't always mean strength. It's not like they're Navy elites or anything.  You're cowering for nothing.
Sanji: Who's cowering, you shitty moss-head?!
Zoro: You are, you little nosebleed chef!
Sanji: Hey, Luffy...
Jinbe: L-Luffy-kun.
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama.
Pirate: I'll take his 400 million head!
Pirate2: No, I will!
Pirate: You think I'll let you?
Hody: Kill them.
Pirate: What happened?! He took out a hell of a lot of pirates without even lifting a finger!
Pirate2: Hey!  Pull yourselves together!
Pirate: Dammit!  He dropped half of us in an instant!
Pirate2: Fifty thousand.... just like that?!  What the hell did he do?!
Citizen: What was that?
Citizen2: What?  What happened?
Shyarly: You can really do it, can't you, Straw Hat Boy?
Girl: The Straw Hat pirate did that?
Boy: You're amazing, Straw Hat!
Robin: Was that haki?
Jinbe: He has come so far in just two years?
Sanji: The Color of the Conqueror.  He had it all this time?
Zoro: If he wasn't at least this strong, then I'd have to become the new captain.
Shirahoshi: You're amazing, Luffy-sama.
Luffy: You're Hody, right?  I have to kick your ass. If you wanna go around and become the king of some countries, then that's none of my business... But there's only room for one Pirate King!
Narrator: The showdown between the New Fishman Pirates and the Straw Hat Pirates has begun at last. The crew have to protect Shirahoshi while they are surrounded by fifty thousand pirates led by Hody. Zoro and Sanji finally reveal the new techniques that they learned during their intensive two year training.
