Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, Luffy and the other Straw Hat Pirates... have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But there, the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and Vander Decken has been stalking the Mermaid Princess Shirahoshi. The crew find themselves drawn into these events.
Fishman: We were waiting for you, Straw Hat! They actually came!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama, are you talking about me? Just that, up until now you've been calling me, "Wimp."
Luffy: Yeah, I didn't know all the details. You're not as much of a wimp as I thought you were. So from now on, you're... Weak-hoshi!
Hody: All of the pirates will grovel in front of the New Fishman Pirates! Look at this! These are the faces of the pirates who know my strength. This is your future. Straw Hat, in the end I will be the one worthy of being called Pirate King.
Luffy: Pirate King?
Hody: I've got one hundred thousand!
Sanji: Hey, Luffy...
Pirate: I'll take his 400 million head! No, I will! You think I'll let you?
Hody: Kill them.
Pirate: What happened?! He took out a hell of a lot of pirates without even lifting a finger!
Luffy: You're Hody, right?  I have to kick your ass. If you wanna go around and become the king of some countries, then that's none of my business... But there's only enough room for one Pirate King!
Pirate: Unbelievable! He's more powerful than anyone thought! This is... Straw Hat Luffy?! We don't stand a chance against him!
Zeo: Where do you think you're going? Running away from the enemy during our revolution will result in certain death. He may have just taken out fifty thousand men... but... we still have fifty thousand left! The Straw Hat Pirates won't stop until they've shattered our ambitions! They are our sworn enemies! And Jinbe... is the embodiment of the worst possible future for fishmankind. One where Otohime's dreams have become reality and we coexist with human filth!
Pirate: Yeah!  Who cares about Straw Hat?! He's just a human, after all! As for Jinbe... we must kill the traitor to fishmankind!
Zoro: Luffy, fifty thousand is going too far. You took out too many.
Luffy: Oh?  Sorry.
Sanji: What're you so fired up over? I'm gonna take thirty thousand.  You got that, Moss-Head?
Zoro: Shut it, Mister Nosebleed.
Brook: This goes out to all the babes in the audience! Okay!  I shall sing one song before plunging into the heat of battle! Oh yeah!
Robin: They don't look like they want to listen to your songs.
Brook: Robin-san, you are always so cool!
Pirate: They didn't listen to a word you said.
Zeo: Only because I was whispering!
Pirate: Huuuh? How much pride does he have?
Hody: Kill them!
Pirate: Our race is superior! Time to show them that!
Luffy: Let's go! I don't care how many thousands of you there are!  Bring it on!
Pirate: Here he comes! What happened to his hand?!
Jinbe: Right.  Shall we get started too?
Zoro: That guy went and did his own thing again...
Sanji: Because of Shirahoshi-chan's tears...
Jinbe: Alone day after day, protecting that seed with your life. But now, we'd like your permission to help protect that seed.
Sanji: A man who can't wipe away a lady's tears, isn't a real man at all! Time to go wild! Once I've taken them all out, let's go on a date in the Mermaid Cafe, Shirahoshi-chwan!
Pirate: Die!
Sanji: I will not let you destroy my Mermaid Paradise!
Zoro: Will they surrender, or will they be destroyed?
Pirate: What are you looking at, woman?!
Robin: Fishman Island... There are vital pieces of the world's history in this country! It is not something you should casually destroy! Not the people... Nor the country... Nor the history!
Pirate: What's this?!
Brook: It's so hot. Perfect weather for a concert! Everybody say "Whooo!"
Pirates: Whooo!
Brook: Today's audience is really getting into the act!
Pirate: I caught him! He transformed!
Chopper: Bring it on!  I don't care how many of you there are!
Pirate: T-The raccoon dog changed shape!
Chopper: I'm not a raccoon dog!
Pirate: I'm being eaten!
Usopp: Take this! How'd you like that?!  I'm the magician of Pop Greens! They call me Usopp-sama! Huh? Thanks for the help, Nami!
Nami: I thought you'd gotten a little tougher, yet you still needed my help.
Franky: Looks like everyone's super fired up! An army of fifty thousand... This is an ideal stage to reveal my surprises!
Usopp: Surprises?
Chopper: What are you talking about, Franky?
Franky: The Sunny's got some new weapons!  Two of them! Anyone want to try them?
Usopp & Chopper: New weapons?!
Franky: Super, super!  I am super!
Usopp: What are they?  What kind of new weapons?
Chopper: Do I get to try them?
Nami: It's safer than staying out here, right?
Franky: Well, just take a look! They can throw even more obstacles in our way with a Don, and I wouldn't mind at all!
Shirahoshi: You are all... amazing!
Daruma: What are they doing?!  Pathetic!
Hody: If you think you can protect that giant mermaid... when she's sitting out in the middle of the plaza... then go ahead and try!
Luffy: Whoa... Guess I didn't have to worry.
Zeo: I don't believe it...
Daruma: Captain Hody's insanely powerful Uchimizu... He deflected it with an Uchimizu of his own! That man is a monster too!
Jinbe: I don't know what you did to gain such power... but your Fishman Karate lacks discipline!
Pirate: He's the first fishman to join the Seven Warlords of the Sea, after all. I heard that his bounty shot up to more than 400 million after he quit being a Warlord! What chance do we have against someone like that?!
Jinbe: Don't just stand there jabbering, bring it on! If you're going to take the Princess's life then you'll have to beat all of us first!
Hody: Why are you hesitating?! I thought you had decided to never retreat?
Pirate: Impossible!
Zoro: How dull.
Zeo: Don't get cocky! If you're gonna talk like that, then... Do so after you've cut through the New Fishman Pirates' impregnable defense forces!
Pirate: We're gonna shatter those swords you're so proud of!
Zeo: Attack, Steel Shell Squadron!
Pirate: Yeah!
Zoro: I'm begging you! Please, train me in the ways of the sword! His skills are copied from Hawk-Eye?! And these small-fry are backing him up too! I don't have time for them! At this rate, it'll just end up like last time. I'm... I'm supposed to get stronger, aren't I?! I can never lose again!
Pirate: He sliced through the steel shells like they were fruit! W-What was that huge attack? The Grim Reaper's scythe or something? It's not over! It won't stop! It's a tornado that slices anything it touches! Run!  It'll cut you to pieces! How far is it gonna chase us?!
Zoro: All the way to the ends of hell.
Daruma: Use your heads, idiots!
Pirate: Increase your bubble's altitude! We'll attack from the sky! Kill Princess Shirahoshi!
Sanji: What an obvious tactic...
Pirate: Out of my way!
Harisenbon: You're all gonna get skewered!
Daruma: Get them, Harisenbon!
Pirate: Oh, it's Commander Harisenbon and his men. The Sea Urchin Spine Squadron!
Daruma: Skewer that man with the fancy footwork!
Harisenbon: You've got nowhere to run now!
Brook: Sanji-san, watch out! Why are you so calm? Hey!
Sanji: Thinking back on it, I almost feel nostalgic...
Oh god no: Sanji-kyun!
Sanji: I ran.
Caroline: Wait, Sanji-chan!
Sanji: Like hell I will, you ass!
Caroline: But I brought my favorite dress for you!
Oh god no: Come here! You don't have to be shy!
Sanji: I'm telling you, I'll never wear that thing! And who's shy?! On rainy days... On snowy days... Even on days of lightning... I ran, and ran.
Harisenbon: Take out the man with the fancy footwork!
Caroline: You silly thing... Did you think we'd never catch up to you?
Oh god no: Sanji-kyun!
Sanji: Can I really let these guys get the better of me?
Oh god no: Sanji-kyun!
Sanji: Damn it to hell!
Luffy: Stop it, Sanji!
Sanji: Have I already forgotten what happened on Sabaody?!
Oh god no: Sanji-kyun!
Sanji: Stealing the vital recipes from the grandmasters of Newkama Kenpo... That is what I must do! You guys...
Oh god no: Sanji-kyun!
Caroline: You let your guard down, Candy Boy!
Sanji: What?!
Oh god no: Sanji-kyun!
Caroline: You are already trapped within the Newkama Barricade!
Oh god no: Sanji-kyun! Sanji-kyun-kyun! Sanji-kyun-kyun-kyun!
Sanji: Until one day, when I was finally cornered... I ran...
Harisenbon: Huh?  He's not here.
Sanji: And ran...
Oh god no: Sanji-kyun!
Sanji: I... was running... across the sky!
Harisenbon: Up there!
Luffy: Amazing!  Sanji is flying! Just like those other guys!
Robin: That's the CP9's Geppou technique.
Sanji: Hey, you guys!
Pirate: What?!  He's flying!
Sanji: If you have any business with Shirahoshi-chan, you're gonna have to go through me! Even crying children are hushed when they see me... I am your knight!
Shirahoshi: Sanji-chin-sama!
Pirate: That arrogant bastard!
Sanji: Now to cook the small-fry.
Luffy: You! Just you wait, I'll take care of you in a second! You can bring a hundred thousand men, or even a million... We'll send 'em all flying!
Narrator: Incredible new weapons controlled by Franky, Usopp, and Chopper are finally revealed!
