Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, the Straw Hat Pirates have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But there, the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and Vander Decken has been stalking the Mermaid Princess Shirahoshi. The crew find themselves drawn into these events, and things have escalated into an all-out war.
Shirahoshi: If you just want to take my life... then the people of Ryuuguu Kingdom should not be caught up in it. Please, leave them alone! I am right here!
Luffy: That Weak-hoshi... Even after I told her to stay close to me!
Hody: You're completely insane, Vander Decken. However, this is a great trump card!
Sanji: Okay, I leave my beloved Shirahoshi-chan to you! I'm gonna fling you, Luffy!
Luffy: Do it!
Citizen: T-The Noah is... The Noah isn't crashing into us anymore. The Princess is luring the boat away for us!
Citizen2: Princess Shirahoshi!
Citizen: Please make it out alive!
Decken: Where do you think you're going, Shirahoshi? There's no place you can run! Shirahoshi!
Shirahoshi: I have to make it out into the sea and pull the Noah off the bubble! It'll be awful if the bubble is damaged more than it has been already! But it's too far to make it to the main gate. Luffy-sama's friends must have been the last people to leave Ryuuguu Palace... so maybe they left the connecting channel open!
Fishman: Damn it, isn't there anything we can do?!
Fishman2: The Princess is risking her life to save us!
Fishman: It isn't the Princess's fault that Decken has been stalking her!
Fishman2: Decken's on board that boat.  And it's not just him... Hody is also climbing aboard!
Fishman: Princess Shirahoshi's life is in danger!
Hody: That insane backstabbing Decken. But I've still got a use for him.
Jinbe: Watch out for Hody, Luffy. In the water, humans are no match for fishmen.
Luffy: I know!
Sanji: It won't be any good if I break the outside bubble and send him into the sea. I've gotta get it just right. It can't be too strong or too weak.
Luffy: Sanji! This sure is a huge chain. So this is between the two bubble layers. Hody! He's still below the first bubble.
Fishmen: Pull!  Pull!
Fishman: We can't stop it, but maybe we can slow it down a tiny bit for the Princess...
Fishman(offscreen): A tiny bit might be enough!
Fishman: Pull!
Fishman2: Stop the Noah!
Fishman: Princess!  Please use this chance to find a safe place!
Fishman2: Dammit!  Stop!
Luffy: The merfolk!
Shirahoshi: Everyone...
Hody: Are you guys for real?! There's no way it'll move a single inch! Wasting your energy like that.
Luffy: Hey!  Stop it!
Hody: You little pieces of filth. Humans underestimate fishmankind because of cowards like you! As far as I'm concerned, your lives are completely and totally worthless. All you do is soil the reputation of fishmankind. The sooner you die, the better!
Shirahoshi: Everyone...
Luffy: That bastard!
Fishman: Princess... run away... quickly... please...
Shirahoshi: I must hurry! As I thought, The entrance to Ryuuguu Palace was left open!
Fishman: Don't die on me, now! Damn you Hody!
Fishman2: Princess Shirahoshi! She used the connecting channel to get into the sea! The Noah's following her!
Fishman: Princess!  Please keep going!
Luffy: Whoa!  It's goin' up! Wait up, chain!
Hody: Boy, you humans really are handicapped. You act all high and mighty on land... but in the sea, you couldn't even put up a decent fight against a fishman child! This really is the limit of human strength. I'll make you regret ever opposing me.
Luffy: Hody!
Hody: Where the hell do you think we are? We ain't on land anymore! Compared to a human, who becomes weaker in the water, this is the ideal place for a fishman like me to show off my true strength. Shirahoshi fleeing out into the open sea makes things far easier for me! In the ocean, a Devil Fruit user is as weak as a normal human.  Maybe even weaker. It really is ironic, Straw Hat. Disgraced and powerless. The state that you're in shows how worthless you truly are! It doesn't matter how much you brag! You're a human, who can't even breathe underwater. Straw Hat, someone like you could never become the king of the seas! Repent and beg for mercy! But I guess you lack the strength to do even that. You inferior trash! So die, Straw Hat! Why you...
Fukaboshi: Are you okay, Straw Hat?
Luffy: Bro-hoshi.
Hody: That half-dead fool shouldn't have interfered... but I won't let you get away, Straw Hat.
Fishmen: Pull!  Pull!
Fishman: We can't stop it, but maybe we can slow down how fast it's chasing the Princess a tiny bit...
Fishman(offscreen): A tiny bit might be enough!
Fishman: Pull!
Fishman2: Stop the Noah!
Fishman: Princess!  Please use this chance to find a safe place!
Shirahoshi: I-I have to lure the Noah far away from Fishman Island to save everyone in Ryuuguu Kingdom. Every inch counts.
Decken: Shirahoshi! You enjoying your freedom? The walls of Koukaku Tower kept you safe for ten years, but they can't help you here. Will you die from blood loss? Or will you be smashed by this behemoth first? I'll give you one last chance, Shirahoshi. Say yes, and I'll spare your life.  It's still not too late!
Shirahoshi: I'm terribly sorry, Decken-sama, but...
Decken: Marry me!
Shirahoshi: ...you're just not my type!
Decken: I see... Well then, die! Die... and live on... inside my heart! Have eternal life as my loving wife!
Manboshi: You think we'd let you marry her? We won't let you put a single finger on our only sister, Decken!
Shirahoshi: My dearest brothers, Manboshi-sama and Ryuuboshi-sama!  And Hoe-sama!
Decken: Wha?!  Our brothers?!
Ryuuboshi+Manboshi: We're not your brothers!
Shirahoshi: Dearest brothers, everyone in the plaza tried to...
Manboshi: Shirahoshi!  Save the crying for later!
Shirahoshi: My dearest brothers are angry?
Manboshi: We're not angry!
Ryuuboshi: Father said that the Noah is an important ship, so we can't allow it to get a single scratch -la-ti-do! That means we have to return it to the sea floor without damaging it!
Manboshi: Here it comes! Damn it!  In any case, we can't swim near the underwater mountains or ravines. That would damage the Noah!
Shirahoshi: So where should I escape to, dearest Manboshi?
Manboshi: Up!  There are too many obstacles on the sea floor!
Shirahoshi: I understand!
Ryuuboshi: We'll get Decken.
Decken: From the Noah... and my endless love... you will never be able to escape, Shirahoshi!
Luffy: Hey, thanks!  You saved me! Does the wound that you got from Hody still bother you?
Fukaboshi: The Royal Family, the soldiers, and many of the citizens have been injured.  Even Shirahoshi... is trying her hardest to save Ryuuguu Kingdom, despite being injured! I don't have time to worry about a wound like this!
Luffy: Hey, I have a favor to ask...
Fukaboshi: It looks like that'll have to wait till later.
Hody: You may be a member of the merman race, who pride themselves on being the world's fastest swimmers... but compared to me, it's like you're not even moving.
Luffy: That guy.
Hody: Shark cutter
Luffy: We can't let that hit us!
Hody: I'll cut the two of you up and feed you to the fishes. A 400 million beli head and a prince of Ryuuguu Kingdom. That sure is some fancy bait.
Luffy: He's coming!
Fukaboshi: Even though it's a fake strength, he still has amazing speed! Hold on tight!
Luffy: He really is strong in the sea.  He's like Zoro!
Fukaboshi: This is no time to admire him!
Hody: No matter how hard you try to get away, you can't escape from my Kirisame blade! You trying to use this silt to get away?
Fukaboshi: The Noah!
Decken: Shirahoshi!
Fukaboshi: Shirahoshi!
Luffy: Hey, get me onto the ship's deck!
Hody: That damn Decken.
Fukaboshi: Is this is the favor you wanted to ask me for before? Why do you want to board the ship?
Luffy: It's like Jinbe said... Do you think there's water inside the ship, Jinbe?
Jinbe: I'm not sure, but Decken is a Devil Fruit user... so we can assume that there must be air in there somewhere since he can make the ship move.
Luffy: So it should be easier to fight in there. I want to defeat both Hody and that guy who keeps throwing things. I promised Weak-hoshi that I would protect her when I took her out of the tower.
Fukaboshi: A promise, you say... We'll become great soldiers like our father. Just as we promised, we'll protect Shirahoshi with our lives! We've made a promise too. His strength is nothing more than a mockery, borrowed from the Energy Steroids. It's pitiful to think that I couldn't stand up to that rogue. Forgive us for doubting you earlier.
Luffy: Don't worry about it.  Just get me onto the deck!
Hody: Is there something you want on the deck?
Fukaboshi: Hody!
Hody: I can take care of someone like Straw Hat anytime. Before I do, there's something else I must take care of.
Luffy: Hurry up and follow him!
Fukaboshi: No.  Wait, Straw Hat.
Luffy: Why aren't you going?!
Fukaboshi: You should have learned by now. Fighting in the water is devastatingly favorable for a fishman like Hody. If we keep going...
Luffy: So what'll we do?!
Fukaboshi: I have a plan.
Shirahoshi: Up, up...
Decken: I told you that it's pointless, don't you understand, Shirahoshi? As long as my Mato Mato curse stays on the Noah, there's absolutely no way for you to get away from it. Oh, Hody Jones. How's Neptune?  Did you kill him? I'm just in the middle of tormenting Shirahoshi with the Noah. Wasn't this a great idea? Don't you think so, Brother?
Hody: I also have a good idea.
Decken: What is it?  Will you tell me?
Hody: If you die... ...what will happen to this boat? Decken.
Narrator: Hody captures Shirahoshi, and his plans are about to succeed... but then Luffy unleashes a new move!
Luffy: Next time, on One Piece:
Luffy+title: The Start of an Intense Battle! Luffy vs. Hody!
