Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, the Straw Hat Pirates have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But there, the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and Vander Decken has been stalking the Mermaid Princess Shirahoshi. The crew find themselves drawn into these events, and things have escalated into an all-out war.
Citizen: The Noah isn't crashing into us anymore. The Princess is luring the boat away for us! Princess Shirahoshi! Please make it out alive!
Shirahoshi: I have to make it out into the sea and pull the Noah off the bubble!
Decken: I'll give you one last chance, Shirahoshi. Say yes, and I'll spare your life.  It's still not too late!
Shirahoshi: I'm terribly sorry, Decken-sama, but...
Decken: Marry me!
Shirahoshi: ...you're just not my type!
Decken: Well then, die!
Manboshi: You think we'd let you marry her?
Ryuuboshi: We won't let you put a single finger on our only sister, Decken!
Shirahoshi: My dearest brothers, Manboshi-sama and Ryuuboshi-sama!  And Hoe-sama!
Fukaboshi: Forgive us for doubting you earlier.
Luffy: Don't worry about it.  Just get me onto the deck!
Decken: Oh, Hody Jones. How's Neptune?  Did you kill him? I'm just in the middle of tormenting Shirahoshi with the Noah. Wasn't this a great idea? Don't you think so, Brother?
Hody: I also have a good idea.
Decken: What is it?  Will you tell me?
Hody: If you die... ...what will happen to this boat? Decken.
Decken: Hody... You little brat... I just touched you... with my left hand! Now, tell me what the hell you think you're doing!
Hody: You betrayed me first, Decken. Honestly, I panicked for a second when this ship blocked the sky above the island. Breaking the island's bubble is a good idea, though. True, Fishman Island will crumble with it, but the Fishman District will remain! If you die here and now, your Mato Mato powers will stop working... and the ship will plunge straight down toward Fishman Island once more. It will annihilate everything. Right now, my top priority is destroying those pesky Straw Hat Pirates. Tens of thousands of my own men may die as well... Oh well, I can always get more human slaves later.
Decken: You want everyone to die? That sounds good... but you'll be first! Die! No, you idiot!
Hody: Now you're nothing but a historical footnote for the new Fishman Island. You'll die before long. Then the ship will resume its descent, and fall upon Fishman Island! I'm a kind man.  Before your life comes to an end, I will fulfill your lifelong wish. I will kill Shirahoshi!
Manboshi: He killed Decken! What's going on between those two?!
Ryuuboshi: We can't worry about that now.  He's coming!
Manboshi & Ryuuboshi: We will stop him!
Hody: You're in my way! You worthless beings!
Shirahoshi: My dear brothers!
Ryuuboshi: Shirahoshi!  Run away, as fast as you can!
Hody: Eliminating you will be a simple matter now that you're outside Koukaku Tower! It's no use! Even the merfolk's underwater speed, said to be fastest in the world, is useless against me now!
Shirahoshi: My dear brothers!
Manboshi & Ryuuboshi: Shirahoshi–
Luffy: Hody!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama!  Brother Fukaboshi-sama!
Manboshi: Straw Hat!
Ryuuboshi: Brother!
Fukaboshi: Forgive me!  I was unavoidably delayed while I made some preparations!
Hody: Y-You damn scum!
Narrator: Meanwhile, in Gyoncord Plaza on Fishman Island.
Wadatsumi: Cap'n Vander Decken abandoned me!
Decken: You will become a sacrifice for the death of Shirahoshi, just like the rest of Fishman Island!
Pirate: Hey Umibouzu, start fighting! We're counting on you! Do something about the Kraken!
Usopp: Go get him, Kraken!
Chopper: You can win!
Citizen: They're both gigantic, but one doesn't have any will to fight. The Kraken will win for sure!
Zeo: Hey, Great Monk!  You must have heard him wrong. What Decken actually said was... "I leave this plaza to you!" Meaning that he never planned to destroy the island.
Wadatsumi: But... he told me that I was a sacrifice.
Zeo: He meant that you should fight whole heartedly and lay down your life if necessary.
Wadatsumi: Really?
Zeo: Isn't that right, guys?
Pirate: Huh?  Uh... Yeah, that's right! It's rare for a captain to have this much faith in one of his underlings! You're the hero! It's time to show what you're made of!
Wadatsumi: Oh, so dat's it?
Zeo: No, not really. Now, swallow this... and fight as our ally.  Crush the Straw Hat Pirates!
Pirate: An Energy Steroid! No way... That'll never work on someone so huge. It was super effective on him!
Usopp & Chopper: Surume!
Wadatsumi: Cap'n Decken!  Sorry I doubted ya!
Pirate: Alright!  He knocked the Kraken out!
Usopp: What's wrong?!  Hang in there!
Chopper: It's no use!  He's unconscious!
Wadatsumi: Yer enemies too, right?!
Pirate: He's like a completely different person!
Wadatsumi: Leave dis to me! Where's da enemy?!
Pirate: I-It's him, Wadatsumi!
Wadatsumi: Dat guy, huh? Yer mine!
Nami: Jinbe-chan, watch out!
Wadatsumi: Ow, ow, ow, owie!
Pirate: How can someone who's that small block his attack?!
Sanji: Nami-san!  How could this happen?! Nami-san got hit by the shockwave! Get up, damn you!
Wadatsumi: Owie!  Who is it now?!
Sanji: Hey fatty!  If you gave our beautiful navigator so much as a single scratch... you're gonna pay!
Pirate: No way!  His kicks hurt him too! Wadatsumi is a monster the size of an underwater mountain. How strong are his legs?!
Nami: Aww... Now I'm all dirty...
Wadatsumi: Don't blame me for dat...
Jinbe: We will fight you, Great Monk!
Sanji: Manjuu: A Japanese confection Apologize with your life, you Jumbo Manjuu!
Pirate: What is with these guys?! Give us a hand here, Hyouzou-san!
Hyouzou: Bartender, gimme one octopus wasabi!
Pirate: This isn't a bar!  Besides, you shouldn't eat octopus!
Hyouzou: You're so stingy.
Pirate: This is hopeless. He collapsed from drinking too much.
Nuru: Sheesh, what a pathetic bunch. If we perform well here, we'll be commanders before we know it! I guess my surprise attack isn't strong enough to work on you.
Zoro: Who the hell are you?
Nuru: I am Nuru-sama, the man who will be the greatest fishman swordfighter!
Pirate: What's wrong? A hangover? Hyouzou-san...
Nuru: You're pretty good!
Zoro: You're pretty weak.
Nuru: Can you still say that now?!
Pirate: It's so bright!
Nuru: If you can't see, you won't be able to dodge my strikes! Take this!
Zoro: You only use your eyes to see.  That makes you weak. Start your training over!
Nuru: That must have just been dumb luck! I'm destined to become the greatest fishman swordfighter!  I can't-
Hyouzou: Who's gonna be the greatest fishman?!
Pirate: Stop it! Hyouzou-san!  We're on your- There's something strange about him. He's even worse than when he's drunk! His strength has multiplied! E-Even steel shields can't stop him! Wasn't he writhing in pain just a minute ago? Yet no one had harmed him... No way... This is just like Hody-san's transformation! Has Hyouzou-san turned into a monster too?!
Hyouzou: This feels great!  My power's overflowing! Man, I wanna cut down more people! Let me cut you!
Pirate: Run!  Somebody stop him! There's no way to block his attacks!
Hyouzou: Anyone will do! Found one!
Pirate: Hy-Hyouzou-san was stopped!
Zoro: You seem to be a lot stronger than that angler was!
Robin: Zoro!
Zoro: Sorry, but I'll be taking on this guy! He might be a good warm-up before I enter the New World!
Luffy: My power really does drop in the ocean...
Hody: Your power dropped?! Inferior trash! Do you realize where we are?! We're in the deep sea!  A mere human doesn't even have a one to ten thousand chance of winning! Besides, everything will be over soon. Shirahoshi, Fishman Island, and your companions... A weakling like you can't protect any of them!
Luffy: You're wrong. I'll protect them all! That's what the last two years were for!
Narrator: The battle against the New Fishman Pirates' commanders grows more fierce, and the Noah's crash draws near!
