Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, the Straw Hat Pirates have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But there, the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and Vander Decken has been stalking the Mermaid Princess Shirahoshi. The crew find themselves drawn into these events, and things have escalated into an all-out war. And now, due to Hody's ruthless scheme, an unprecedented crisis looms over Fishman Island.
Decken: My axe, your target is Hody!
Manboshi: The Noah... is falling!
Hody: Just in time!
Fukaboshi: Fishman Island... is still in danger!
Hody: So he finally bought it. Now Vander Decken's power will stop working, and the Noah will crash down onto Fishman Island! Die!  Straw Hat Pirates! You fools have gotten in the way of my retribution.
Ryuuboshi: Fishman Island's going to...
Manboshi: ...be destroyed.
Fukaboshi: One way or another, we have to stop the ship.
Hody: Straw Hat! You wanna stop the Noah, don't you? But you're going to have to get past me. You can't save Fishman Island unless you defeat me!
Luffy: That bastard.
Fukaboshi: If the Noah crashes into Fishman Island, then it's all over. Our kingdom and the centuries-old mission to protect the Noah.
Neptune: Listen, my sons. That Ark, the Noah, isn't just a historical ruin. A long time ago, hundreds of years past, we exchanged promises with a very important person. That ship has been waiting patiently on the ocean floor to carry out that promise. The ship has not yet completed its mission. And now, even the techniques used to build the ship have been lost in time. Until the promised day comes, we mustn't allow the Noah to get a single scratch!
Fukaboshi: We understand, Father. We will find out what's causing it to move and deal with it appropriately. We have to save our kingdom and the Noah, no matter the cost!
Hody: Straw Hat, you must be trying to think of a way to stop the Noah. But there's no way you could defeat me, even in your own head. So what're you planning to do? If you just let it fall... then your friends will be crushed into fish food with the rest of Fishman Island. Was it just a bluff when you said that you would protect everyone, Straw Hat?!
Luffy: I'm gonna stop it! I'll smash that boat into smithereens before it hits the island!
Fukaboshi: Don't even say that! Even if you could do it, I already told you that the Noah holds both our past and future.
Luffy: Then is there another way we can save the island? We don't have time to think. What else can we do?
Fukaboshi: Decken may still be alive. If we get him to wake up, we might be able to make him change the ship's course!
Luffy: You say that, but what if he's dead? If we don't hurry up and destroy the ship-
Fukaboshi: I told you to stop saying that!
Hody: You two gonna start fighting? Look at what's happening while you two squabble. Noah's gonna crash into Fishman Island.
Shirahoshi: Please wait, Noah! There are many people on the island who are precious to me! Decken-sama! If you're alive, then please, aim the boat at me! Please spare the lives of everyone on Fishman island!
Hody: You'll be the first to go to the afterlife, where you'll have a good view of Ryuuguu Kingdom's destruction.
Manboshi: Shirahoshi!
Hody: Sea drum
Shirahoshi: Manboshi dearest!
Fukaboshi: Manboshi!
Hody: And now it's your turn.
Luffy: Hody!
Hody: Straw Hat!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama?!
Luffy: Dammit. My Color of Arms is good against blunt strikes, but it's useless against this kind of attack. My Haki still needs training. We don't have the time to fight underwater. If I'm gonna kick his ass, we have to move.
Hody: In other words, you want to fight on this falling ship? But what you really want must be... the air on board!
Luffy: If I get on board, I can take out that bastard Hody in a single hit!
Fukaboshi: I was worried he might do this!
Hody: Bubbles will break if you tear a big enough hole in them!
Luffy: Dammit, there isn't any air on the deck anymore!
Hody: By now you must know that humans, who are helpless in situations like this, truly are inferior to fishmen! You're in no position to think about stopping the Noah. You can't even beat me! Die, Straw Hat! I'm insulted!  You thought that you could hit me twice with the same attack?! What's going to happen first?  Will Fishman Island and your friends be smashed to bits... or will you die? I can't wait to find out!
Luffy: Oh no! He's going to break my bubble again!
Hody: You damn fool!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama.
Fukaboshi: Shirahoshi!
Shirahoshi: Fukaboshi dearest.
Fukaboshi: Listen to me very carefully. I'm going to leave Straw Hat with you.
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama?
Fukaboshi: One way or another, I will stop Hody! No matter what happens, believe in me and do not go far from the Noah. No matter what!  Got it?
Shirahoshi: Okay!
Hody: I can't possibly miss now. Not even if I had my eyes closed!
Luffy: Oh no!
Hody: It's all over now!
Luffy: What happened?
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama. I'm incredibly sorry, but...
Luffy: Weak-hoshi?
Shirahoshi: Fukaboshi told me to do this.
Luffy: Bro-hoshi.
Fukaboshi: Hody! Just what are you trying to do?! Don't you realize how many lives there are on that island?! And then-
Hody: I should be asking you what you're doing! I can't believe that you three princes are the strongest in Ryuuguu Kingdom! After all, you're just the foolish sons of Otohime. She discarded the fishman race's pride and tried to get along with humans, before dying a pathetic death! You're just some dumb princes who can't even protect the country!
Luffy: Bro-hoshi.
Shirahoshi: Fukaboshi dearest.
Fukaboshi: Even though you only have fake strength, The fact that I couldn't stand up to you means that I'm still inexperienced.  I'll admit that. But there is still hope!
Hody: You still don't get it?! That won't hurt me anymore!
Fukaboshi: But Hody, why?! Why are you trying to kill so many of your innocent brethren? Just what is your goal?! What drove you to do something so terrible, Hody?!
Hody: Die!
Shirahoshi: Fukaboshi dearest!
Hody: Serves you right, you dumb prince. This is the strength that the heavens have bestowed upon me! Now then, it's time take care of you two.
Luffy: Dammit.
Fukaboshi: A fake strength like that can't beat me!
Hody: So you managed to survive?
Fukaboshi: Hody, what are you trying to do?! You say you want retribution against the humans, but you're attacking fishmen. Don't you know how many of your fishmen brethren you're going to kill on Fishman Island?! You're even going to kill your childhood friends from Fishman District. Do you know what you're doing?! Do you have so much hatred for humans that you've become blind with rage? What could have happened to you? Were you abused by humans? Did the humans kill a loved one or a dear friend of yours? What could have possibly happened to make you do this? Answer me, Hody! Just what did the humans do to you?!
Shirahoshi: Fukaboshi dearest!
Luffy: That bastard! Weak-hoshi!  Bro-hoshi's in trouble!  Let's go! What're you doing?!  Hey!  Weak-hoshi! Where are you going, Weak-hoshi?!
Fukaboshi: No matter what happens, believe in me and do not go far from the Noah. No matter what!  Got it?
Luffy: Weak-hoshi...
Soldier: Straw Hat Luffy-san. This is the Air Tank. I'm the one you met earlier.
Luffy: Oh, you guys?
Soldier: We've been briefed on this terrible situation. Our sensors have detected the falling Noah. Preparations are proceeding according to plan.
Luffy: So this is what Bro-hoshi was talking about earlier.
Hody: Is there something you want on the deck? Then I'll get there first.
Fukaboshi: Hody!
Luffy: Follow him!
Fukaboshi: No.  Wait, Straw Hat.
Luffy: Why do we have to wait?!
Fukaboshi: You should have learned by now. Fighting in the water is devastatingly favorable for a fishman like Hody. If we keep going...
Luffy: So what'll we do?!
Fukaboshi: I have a plan.
Luffy: Hey! Where're you going, Bro-hoshi!
Soldier: Prince Fukaboshi. What has happened, Prince?
Fukaboshi: We may need a large amount of air soon. Prepare it at once.
Soldiers: Aye!
Luffy: It'll be fine.  Isn't there air on the deck? I'll just defeat him there!
Fukaboshi: Leaving aside the problem of Decken, do you think Hody will just fight you on your terms? Take this Baby Snail Phone with you, in case of emergency. Be careful in your planning.  We're off!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama, whatever shall you do about the Noah? Fukaboshi said that no matter what, you and I should stick together next to the Noah.
Luffy: I see.  So Bro-hoshi... Hey!  You there? How're you gonna give us that air?
Soldier: We'll use all of the air in the Air Tank.
Luffy: Air Tank?  What's that?
Soldier: It's an air transporting device, used to deliver air to Fishman Island. If we use the air in the Air Tank to create a bubble, it should be possible to completely enclose the Noah. But the bubble disables buoyancy, so the air won't cause the Noah to float. In other words, it won't stop the Noah's descent. Also, to get a bubble big enough to enclose the Noah we'll have to use all the air we have. So we only get one shot. We have one split second when the Noah is directly beside us and if we miss... there'll be no second chance.
Luffy: I didn't understand all that... but basically, it's all or nothing?
Soldier: Yes sir.  I wish we could do more, but all we can do is entrust everything to you. We're incredibly sorry for putting you in this position-
Luffy: Don't tell me how hard it is! Just hurry up and give the air to me! As long as I have air, I'll manage!
Soldier: Roger that. We'll do everything in our power to help you. Luffy-san, we leave Fishman Island to you!
Hody: Straw Hat.  Shirahoshi. What do you think you'll accomplish by staying with the Noah's descent? This is just the sort of idiocy I expect from a human and the Mermaid Princess! Straw Hat!
Luffy: You bastard! Color of Arms: Vulcanization He doesn't give up!
Hody: Hey, human.  Give up, human. Just looking at you makes my skin crawl. Even if I shorten my life... No matter how many bystanders are hurt... I will have my revenge on you humans.
Luffy: That Hody.
Soldier: You absolutely can't miss.  We only get one chance. If you miss, Fishman Island's...
Fukaboshi: Hey, Straw Hat.  Can you hear me?
Shirahoshi: It's Fukaboshi's voice!
Luffy: Bro-hoshi, are you okay?
Fukaboshi: By some miracle. But more importantly, listen closely. Hody Jones... I understand him now.
Narrator: People panic as the Noah approaches the island again, and they try to flee the island. The Strawhat Crew trust in Luffy and continue their fight. Then the Neptune Army finally begins its assault. The fight in Gyoncord Plaza violently explodes... and in the middle of it all, a shocking truth is laid bare for all to see.
Luffy: Next time, on One Piece:
Luffy+title1: A Shocking Truth!
Luffy+title2: Hody's True Nature!
