Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, the Straw Hat Pirates have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But there, the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and Vander Decken has been stalking the Mermaid Princess Shirahoshi. The crew find themselves drawn into these events, and things have escalated into an all-out war.
Hody: Straw Hat! You wanna stop the Noah, don't you? But you're going to have to get past me. You can't save Fishman Island unless you defeat me!
Fukaboshi: Hody, what are you trying to do?! You're even going to kill your childhood friends from Fishman District. Do you know what you're doing?! Do you have so much hatred for humans that you've become blind with rage? What could have happened to you? Were you abused by humans? Did the humans kill a loved one or a dear friend of yours? What could have possibly happened to make you do this? Answer me, Hody! Just what did the humans do to you?!
Soldier: This is the Air Tank. I'm the one you met earlier.
Luffy: Oh, you guys? We've been briefed on this terrible situation. Our sensors have detected the falling Noah. Preparations are proceeding according to plan. Don't tell me how hard it is! Just hurry up and give the air to me!
Soldier: Luffy-san, we leave Fishman Island to you!
Fukaboshi: Hey, Straw Hat.  Can you hear me? Listen closely. Hody Jones... I understand him now.
Luffy: That Hody.
Wadatsumi: Owie! Dammit... Now ah'm mad! Watch dis!
Pirate: He was already ridiculously huge!
Sanji: Was there a point to that?
Wadatsumi: How's dat?  Surprised? Ah'm a tiger blowfish fishman! Ya scared?
Sanji: Not really.  Why are you talking so fast?
Wadatsumi: 'Cause if ah don' speak fast, da air'll get out!
Sanji: The Kraken's way bigger.
Wadatsumi: What?!  Den how's dis?! Blowfish!
Pirate: Watch where your going! We're gonna be crushed! Help! Wait, Wadatsumi-san!  Please stop! You're crushing your allies!
Sanji: You're still not as big as the Kraken.
Wadatsumi: What?!  Den dis'll do it!
Pirate: Give us a break!
Left Minister: Your Majesty! Are you alright?! Please forgive us! We weren't able to protect you, Your Highness! What kind of vassals are we?
Neptune: Never mind that.  More importantly, did you see the Noah?
Left Minister: Yes.
Neptune: To think that it would move... Damn that Decken. If the Noah collides with the Princess or the island... it will all be over -jamon!
Left Minister: When we learned what was going on, we wanted to order the citizens to evacuate... but all of the island's transmission stations seem to be occupied by the New Fishman Pirates! We're also trying to contact the Border Police outside of the island, but...
Soldier: Hurry and prepare to fire the bubble! Quickly!
Left Minister: Why won't they answer? Anyway, we must get His Majesty to safety!
Neptune: No. I will wait for the Princes.
Right Minister: What's going on here?! Explain what's happening! Why are there so many pirates?!
Citizen: Well...
Right Minister: The Straw Hat Pirates... Jinbe... Where's the Princess?! Hody... Decken... There's no way... Alright, I understand now. I understand the situation now! All troops, head into the plaza! Support Jinbe and the Straw Hat Pirates!
Soldier: Aye!
Right Minister: Since they've engaged the strongest enemies, that leaves the rest of the troops for us! To think that the crew we tried to imprison for a crime they didn't commit is protecting our country. We should be ashamed of ourselves. The least we can do is show them respect by supporting them!
Soldier: Aye!
Pirate: It's the Neptune Army. They're no match for us. Take them down!
Soldier: It's time to show them our strength! Isn't this guy a human?!
Hammond: Go, slaves! You have to fight for us if you wanna live! Advance, slave tank! Now, this way! Whoa, there! A useless one!  Just drag him. Pathetic trash.  Bring in a replacement!
Robin: How terrible.
Jinbe: He's acting just like... Nico Robin. Can you free the human slaves?
Robin: Are you sure? They may blame Fishman Island for this.
Jinbe: If pirates hold a grudge and attack us, I'll simply take them out. But right now... they aren't even being treated like people. Hody's men are acting just like the Celestial Dragons. I can't bear to watch it.
Robin: Alright, leave it to me.
Jinbe: Thank you.
Hammond: C'mon!  Get a move on!
Pirate: Damn!  Damn it! My chains... came off! Hey, what's going on?! Who did that?!  Who removed the slaves' chains?!
Hammond: You're one of the Straw Hat Pirates, aren't you?! Turn this tank around, right now! What are you doing, slaves?!
Pirate: Our chains... Was that you? Why did you save us?
Robin: I can't refuse a request from a handsome man. If you want to thank someone, thank Boss Jinbe.
Pirate: Jinbe?
Hammond: Damn you... You shouldn't have done that! Gotcha! How'd you get onto my back?! W-What's this?!
Robin: It'll be over soon.  Quiet now.
Hammond: Let me go!  Who are you?! Why are there two of you?!
Pirate: Hammond-san! Damn that woman! We owe ya one, Miss! How dare you guys do this to us?! We're not gonna lose to you freaks! The human slaves... have started revolting!
Soldier: This is the Border Police.  Is this the Minister of the Left?
Left Minister: Yes.  I've been trying to contact you for a while now. Why didn't you respond?!
Soldier: We're very sorry, but we don't have time to explain right now! Please pass this on to the entire kingdom! The giant ship, Noah, has stopped moving upward, and has started falling back onto Fishman Island!
Left Minister: What?!
Neptune: The Noah's falling again.
Left Minister: Where are you now?!
Soldier: In the Air Tank control tower!
Left Minister: Perfect!  Then you can tell the entire country about this crisis! None of the transmission stations in the country are usable right now. From where you are, you should be able to reach every state operated Snail Phone in the country! Hurry!
Soldier: Yes, Sir!
Voice: This is a transmission from the Air Tank above Fishman Island to everyone in the Kingdom! Issuing emergency evacuation orders! The giant ship, Noah, is falling toward the island again! Evacuate the island immediately! The giant ship, Noah, is falling toward the island again! Evacuate the island immediately!
Citizen: What?! Look at that! I can see the Noah's shadow! Is Decken doing this?! That's what they said. Damn that stalker... How could he go this far?! The bubble's gonna break! The island will be crushed! Leave it!  Don't worry about your possessions! B-But! We have to get into the open sea! Everyone, get off of Fishman Island! I heard that Princess Shirahoshi was drawing the Noah away. But now they're telling us to flee. Do they even know what's going on?! But the Noah really is falling toward us! So then... Are we just gonna stay here, do nothing, and let Her Highness's efforts go to waste?! We're leaving the island! Get into the ocean!  Everybody hurry!
Nami: No way!  It's coming back?!
Usopp: Is Luffy okay up there?!
Jinbe: What happened to Princess Shirahoshi?!
Pirate: Decken again?!  That insane pirate! Let's run away too!  It's too dangerous here!
Right Minister: We'll take care of Hody and his men. Those of you still watching, get out of here and leave the island! What's wrong?!  Hurry it up!
Child: No!
Right Minister: What are you saying?!  It's particularly important that women and children get away! Now, go!
Child: No! The Straw Hat Pirates, a bunch of human outlaws, are fighting to protect this island! We can't just run away right before their eyes!
Citizen: That's right!  We're the ones who asked them for help! I can't do anything to help, but I want to share their fate! Me too! And me, Right Minister!
Right Minister: Silence! Listen, this is your duty! Go!  You must pass on my words to everyone else watching the battle! Understood?! Everyone here has to make up their own mind. If you still want to stay, then suit yourselves! Come at me, criminals!
Soldier: Straw Hat Luffy-san. This is the Air Tank. I'm the one you met earlier.
Citizen: Straw Hat?  What's with this broadcast?
Soldier: We've been briefed on this terrible situation. Our sensors have detected the falling Noah.
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama, whatever shall you do about the Noah?
Left Minister: What are they doing?  Their transmission is being broadcast all over the country!
Luffy: Hey!  You there? How're you gonna give us that air?
Soldier: If we use the air in the Air Tank to create a bubble, it should be possible to completely enclose the Noah.
Neptune: Shirahoshi... Straw Hat...
Soldier: I wish we could do more, but all we can do is entrust everything to you.
Luffy: Don't tell me how hard it is! Just hurry up and give the air to me!
Chopper: That's Luffy's voice!  I'm so relieved!
Nami: Sounds like he's alright after all!
Usopp: Well, I was never all that worried to begin with, since it's him!
Citizen: What's up with this conversation? I just heard the Princess's voice too! Straw Hat... isn't he that notorious criminal? The human?
Soldier: Luffy-san, we leave Fishman Island to you!
Citizen: Why is the Border Police relying on a human pirate? Does he have some sort of plan? A human's gonna stop the Noah?
Fukaboshi: Hey, Straw Hat. Can you hear me?
Right Minister: Prince Fukaboshi... Hody Jones... I understand him now.
Luffy: Bro-hoshi!  What do you mean, you understand him?!
Fukaboshi: Hody is... a monster bred by his environment!
Sanji: His environment?
Nami: What does he mean?
Fukaboshi: The New Fishman Pirates are nothing but monsters born of pure malice! Their ancestors' hatred has been passed on to them in the shadows of Fishman Island. They fear that it might be forgotten. They fear the day that their grudge toward the humans fades away. They live desperately... and wish that humans will be evil, just so their crusade will be justified! These bloodthirsty monsters... don't even want peace for Fishman Island! What could have possibly happened to make you do this? Answer me, Hody! Just what did the humans do to you?!
Hody: Nothing.
Fukaboshi: What?  Nothing?!
Hody: We must bestow judgment upon the humans. We were chosen by the heavens... and given the power to do so!
Fukaboshi: I see... That explains it. Their grudge... has no personal experience or will behind it! There's no substance to it. They are a completely empty enemy!
Narrator: Hody is nothing but a knot of malice clenched around humans. He's about to unleash all of his insanity on Luffy. The only thing that can help Luffy, who is struggling on the flooded Noah, is the oxygen from the Air Tank. The countdown has begun for the all-or-nothing launch that carries everyone's hopes!
