Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, the Straw Hat Pirates have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But there, the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and Vander Decken has been stalking the Mermaid Princess Shirahoshi. The crew find themselves drawn into these events, and things have escalated into an all-out war. And now, due to Hody's ruthless scheme, an unprecedented crisis looms over Fishman Island.
Soldier: The giant ship, Noah, has stopped moving upward, and has started falling back onto Fishman Island!
Left Minister: What?!
Fukaboshi: Hody Jones... I understand him now. Hody is... a monster bred by his environment! The New Fishman Pirates are nothing but monsters born of pure malice! What could have possibly happened to make you do this? Answer me, Hody! Just what did the humans do to you?!
Hody: Nothing. We must bestow judgment upon the humans. We were chosen by the heavens... and given the power to do so!
Fukaboshi: Their grudge... has no personal experience or will behind it! There's no substance to it. They are a completely empty enemy! Their grudge... has no personal experience or will behind it! There's no substance to it. They are a completely empty enemy!
Citizen: Empty?  What's Prince Fukaboshi trying to say? Hey, you guys! Don't just stand there!  Get off the island! I can already see the Noah above the island!
Soldier: Hurry!  It's almost within range! I'm on it! How much longer is it going to take? How close are we to gathering the air we need?! Eighty-seven percent! It has to be ready.  It has to be!
Luffy: Hurry, Weak-hoshi!
Shirahoshi: Hody-sama has become even more terrifying.
Arlong: The creatures known as humans are inferior to us. Don't forget that, Hody. They are... vile beings.
Citizen: It's hopeless!  We're done for! Now that the Age of Pirates has begun... our brethren are dying every day! The humans are kidnapping young mermaids and selling them to the Human Shop! The only thing left for us is death!  Fishman Island is done for! Damn those humans! Kill them all! Kill them!  Kill them!  Kill every last one of them!
Zeo: Damn humans!
Daruma: They really piss me off!
Ikaros: Oh, you've gotten better -hi!
Citizen: Amazing! This is incredible!  It's the birth of a hero! Praise the hero who blew up the Human Shop at the cost of his own life! Never forget that he gave his life!
Hody: A hero? Serves you right, humans!
Daruma: This is great!
Zeo: Yeah.
Ikaros: Heroes are so cool -hi!
Dosun: Dosun!
Citizen: Arlong-san sunk another human pirate ship!
Arlong: This is a holy war! Since ancient days, that trash called humanity... has been jealous of fishmen, who were chosen by the heavens and granted superior power. They fear us! And... they've responded by persecuting us! The humans infest this world like maggots... and they used their only strength, the fact that they outnumber us, to drive fishmankind to the bottom of the sea! Listen up, everyone! Curse the humans! The humans fear us! They fear the judgment that we are certain to bestow upon them one day! The time of our retribution will come! Don't forget our history! Think of the torment our dead ancestors suffered! Carry on their grudge! Curse the humans!
Hachi: This human named Rayleigh, who I've known since childhood... He's a different kind of human. He doesn't seem scared at all when he looks at me! Nyuu- Hody?
Hody: I don't like your stories, Hachi-san. You make me want to vomit!
Arlong: The humans fear us! Carry on our ancestors' grudge! You got that, Hody? Never forget, Hody! They are vile.  They are an inferior race! Curse the humans! Curse them!  Curse them!  Curse them!
Citizen: This is terrible! Tiger-san, the hero who freed the slaves... was killed by the humans! What?!
Zeo: This means that Tiger wasn't the chosen hero either.
Citizen: Who are you?  Please, leave us alone!
Zeo: We heard that you donated blood to a human.
Citizen: So what?! A human was about to die right in front of- Daddy!
Hody: The Royal Family's insanity has infected the entire country! They want to forgive the humans!
Daruma: Unbelievable!
Ikaros: Did you hear? Jinbe-san joined the Seven Warlords of the Sea -hi!
Dosun: The Arlong Pirates are the only ones maintaining the dignity of our race.
Hody: We need heroes. This country is sorely... in need of a hero.
Soldier: Otohime-sama's been shot!
Citizen: See?!  This is what humans are! Her Majesty was so generous toward the humans, yet they showed her no mercy! If the Royal Family won't take revenge and uphold their pride, then we can't trust this country at all! We don't need a weak country like that!
Hody: The one responsible for the shameless campaign was punished by the heavens!
Dosun: It's only natural that villains who want to forgive the humans end up dead -dosun!
Hody: The time for our revenge has come. The heavens have finally chosen us, and given us power!
Daruma: Is this...
Ikaros: Those legendary goods -hi?!
Dosun: I can't believe you got them -dosun!
Hody: Can you mass produce them, Zeo?
Zeo: I'll give it a try.
Hody: The citizens of the Fishman District are fed up with this country and will eventually band together. This is a holy war.  Start preparing! Prepare to kill the humans for as long as we live! We were chosen... to carry out the justice known as vengeance! The day of judgment is coming Humans, you despicable inferior species. We've chosen to give our lives so that we may have our retribution!
Fukaboshi: We were too late! I don't know when it happened, but those in the Fishman District who didn't share our view... have become an incarnation of fishmankind's negative emotions! As the outlaws gathered in the ocean's depths... we just pretended that we didn't notice... their distorted malice.
Pirate: Hey, where are you going?! Please let me go!  The Noah- Don't be absurd!
Fukaboshi: We kept collecting signatures in Mother's place, and only paid attention to the common citizenry. That way, we thought we were making progress!
Otohime: I know it must be difficult for you, but your anger and hatred toward the humans... Do not pass it on to the children!
Fukaboshi: We were too late! They are the people that Mother feared the most!
Shirahoshi: Honorable brother.
Fukaboshi: We should have begun our fight... in the outer reaches of our kingdom! In the outer reaches, we should have fought... against our species's loathing of the human race! Mother... Mother was killed by Fishman Island's malice! We were too late! They are the people that Mother feared most! We should have begun our fight... in the outer reaches of our kingdom! In the outer reaches, we should have fought... against our species's loathing of the human race! Mother... Mother was killed by Fishman Island's malice! She may have been aware of that fact.
Otohime: Whoever the culprit is... please don't be angry for me. Don't lose yourself in anger and hatred because of me.
Fukaboshi: And yet, the voice of malice spoke from somewhere in my heart, and I listened... and resented the humans who killed Mother!
Citizen: Prince.
Fukaboshi: The grudges of the dead must stay with the dead. This malice is an illusion that only the living create and nurture! I couldn't fully abandon my grudge against the humans, so I overlooked what was happening... and allowed the malice in the Fishman District to grow... into a power so great that we couldn't stop it when we did notice it! At this rate, Fishman Island... will destroy itself because of a grudge against humankind!
Soldier: Careful now. This bubble can't protect the island, it has to envelope the ship! We must hit the Noah!  If it misses, it'll be useless!
Fukaboshi: Straw Hat, I beg of you! We don't need our past! Please, give us a new beginning! Please, destroy the ghosts from our past that keep this island away from the sun!
Soldier: Alright... Now!
Soldiers: Go!
Fukaboshi: With your own hands, give Fishman Island... a new beginning!
Hody: Enough of your nonsense, Fukaboshi! Fishmankind's grudge will never fade!
Luffy: Bro-hoshi. If I get my way, you won't have to worry.
Citizen: H-Hey... Aren't they the ones fighting Hody's crew in Gyoncord Plaza? Yeah, apparently it's the Straw Hat Pirates. Boss Jinbe's with them too! Huh?!
The Utterly Indistinguishable Ones: That's Luffy-chan's voice! It's true!
Soldier: Alright!  It's inside the air bubble!
Luffy: We made the decision with Jinbe when we entered the plaza. We won't let anyone harm Fishman Island! You can leave it all to us, Bro-hoshi! We're friends, ain't we?
Right Minister: How could we have doubted humans like these?
Citizen who has the right idea: Hey, what's wrong?!  Don't stop! We've got to get out of here!  Come on!
Citizen who is an idiot: I'm... staying on the island.
Citizen who has the right idea: What?!
Citizen who is an idiot: Me too! And me! I won't run either! Neither will I!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama, there's air on the Noah!
Luffy: Great!
Hody: You can't escape from me!
Shirahoshi: Hody-sama is...
Luffy: Weak-hoshi! Stay close to me. I won't let him hurt you!
Shirahoshi: A-Alright!
Hody: Straw Hat!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama!
Ikaros: Take this! Ikaros's Fluttering!
Franky: Fluttering?! That's not fluttering at all! That's just spluttering!
Ikaros: Geso!
Franky: Ink?
Ikaros: Too bad for you -hi! That was my Ink Clone! Don't underestimate us command- I'm gonna turn into grilled squid!
Chopper: Alright!  It's General Franky's new finishing move! He launched a fireball from his stomach! It was you?!
Dosun: Looking away?!  How disgraceful -gyaban! You blocked my hammer with your bare hands?!
Chopper: Ow... Maybe this wasn't the best transformation to fight a hammer.
Zoro: Hey, Chopper! Your human form has gotten pretty monstrous.
Chopper: I'm alright.  I wanted to become human because I wanted friends. Now I want to become a monster to help Luffy!
Zoro: Is that so?
Hyouzou: I wanna slice up those who laugh!
Zoro: Show me why you're considered the strongest swordsman on Fishman Island! Right now, you can't even kill my boredom.
Hody: Straw Hat! This is the end for you!
Luffy: Weren't you listening? I won't let anyone harm Fishman Island!
Narrator: The Straw Hat Pirates' battle in Gyoncord Plaza finally approaches its climax. On the Noah, Hody becomes madness itself and attacks Luffy mercilessly. In order to fulfill his promise to Fukaboshi, Luffy unleashes a fist filled with everyone's hopes, and pierces straight through Hody!
