Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, the Straw Hat Pirates have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But there, the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and Vander Decken has been stalking the Mermaid Princess Shirahoshi. The crew find themselves drawn into these events, and things have escalated into an all-out war. Due to Hody's ruthless scheme, an unprecedented crisis looms over Fishman Island.
Fukaboshi: Straw Hat, I beg of you! We don't need our past! Please, give us a new beginning! Please, destroy the ghosts from our past that keep this island away from the sun! With your own hands, give Fishman Island... a new beginning!
Luffy: Bro-hoshi. If I get my way, you won't have to worry. We made the decision with Jinbe when we entered the plaza. We won't let anyone harm Fishman Island! You can leave it all to us, Bro-hoshi! We're friends, ain't we?
Hody: You can't escape from me!
Shirahoshi: Hody-sama is...
Luffy: Weak-hoshi! Stay close to me. I won't let him hurt you!
Shirahoshi: A-Alright!
Brook: Hmm?  What? I lost sight of him. The one with stripes. Where did he go?
Zeo: You fool.  I'm right here! But by the time you realize it, you'll already be dead! Take this!
Brook: I hear a voice over here!
Pirate: Z-Zeo-san was... beaten!
Zeo: Did you see what just happened, skeleton? Thanks to my weapon destruction skill, Sword-Crush With My Body... the tip of your sword... is crumbl-
Brook: I stabbed you, didn't I?
Pirate: Even after getting stabbed, he's still so prideful!
Zeo: Feel free to think so... and then be deth- ...and then be destroyed!
Pirate: He misspoke. That he did. Don't say that!
Brook: You definitely misspoke there, yes.
Pirate: Hey!
Zeo: You fool!
Brook: Huh?!  What?! I lost sight of him again!  Where is he?! I... figured it out. During the past two years, I learned the true power of the Yomi Yomi Fruit. When someone dies, their soul typically departs for the underworld. However, my soul continues to exist in this world... thanks to a powerful energy that emanates to keep my body alive. By playing music, I'm able to move other people's souls. I can drag them into the spiritual world, and even show them illusions at times. If my soul leaves my body, people can see its form clearly. It most certainly exists in this world!
Zeo: I've done it! I've taken down one of the Straw Hat Pirates!
Brook: No. The power that keeps me in this world does not come from my organs. Nor from my muscles. Indeed... It's my soul!
Pirate: Whaaaaaaaaaaaaat?!
Zeo: Oh!  That got me pumped up! Alright!
Pirate: He's bluffing!
Brook: Do you understand? Unless you completely shatter my bones, damage to my skeletal body doesn't matter! And... I had the Longhand Tribe sharpen this shikomizue. Its name is Soul Solid! I imbue its attacks with my soul, bringing the cold of the underworld into our world! Behold... my freezing sword!
Usopp: That's awesome, Brook! A freezing sword?  That's too cool! I'd expect no less from the Soul King!
Brook: Oh, thank you very much. Oh, damn it!  Sheesh! He's gone again!
Usopp: I can't let him outshine me! Everyone's got something new to help them in the New World.
Daruma: Are you really so concerned about your friends?! Don't worry about it! All of you will soon be scrap lying on the ocean floor!
Usopp: Hot hot hot hot! Damn you!
Daruma: A guy like you is just holding your crew back! You're firing one dud after another!
Usopp: Don't be so impatient, little mole shark.
Daruma: I'm a cookie cutter shark!
Usopp: I just... finished setting my trap!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama! Hody-sama is getting closer!
Hody: You say that you won't let anyone harm Fishman Island?! If you think you can protect it, then go ahead and try! Didn't hurt a bit!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama!
Hody: It's pointless, Straw Hat! The heavens granted us this power! Give it up!  The Noah is already falling. You will lose everything!
Luffy: No!  I'm putting an end to this!
Hody: You won't put an end to anything! Die!
Luffy: I will never... lose anyone again!
Hody: I'll rip that arm of yours to shreds!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama!
Fukaboshi: Straw Hat!
Guard: He did it! Straw Hat Luffy-san... just finally managed to defeat... Hody, the captain of the New Fishman Pirates!
Luffy: It's not over yet! Weak-hoshi!  Take me to the Noah!
Shirahoshi: Okay!
Luffy: As fast as you can!
Shirahoshi: Okay!
Pirate: Y-You're kidding, right?! Captain Hody lost?! What about the Noah?! We're done for!  Both us, and the island! Let's get out of here! Zeo-san!  Give us a break! The island's...
Zeo: Don't be fooled! We were chosen by the heavens. Captain Hody and his crew... could never be defeated by mere humans!
Pirate: B-But if the Noah crushes the island, we'll all...
Zeo: Death still counts as revenge. Our deaths will feed the hatred of humans in others! This tragedy will become our flesh and blood. Our malice will live on. It will be passed on to the next generation, and we will surely have our revenge!
Brook: There he is.
Pirate: Captain Hody and the commanders are all insane!
Dosun: It's the humans who made us like this! Do not retreat! Direct all your rage toward the humans -bogon! The calamity that is hanging over all of fishmankind... is entirely the humans' fault -zugan!
Citizen: Are the humans really... that scary? Don't be ridiculous! True, historically speaking, the humans have-
Shyarly: Stop.
Citizen: Madame Shyarly.
Shyarly: Look for yourselves. Right now, in the plaza and in the sky above, the ones fighting against the pirates from the Fishman District... are humans.
Citizen: Are all those guys... really human?
Shyarly: True, some of them look pretty strange. But still, we must see this for ourselves. We have no right to say anything if we don't. Whatever happens now... you must watch with an open mind!
Zeo: Anyone who isn't willing to die in battle... can die by my hands, and live on in the grudge against the humans!
Brook: Stop this!  They are your allies!
Pirate: I'm saved!  Thank you, Skeleton Mask!
Zeo: You again?
Brook: You sure talk about death a lot for someone who has never died! Die and live on in a grudge?!  Preposterous! Nothing remains after death! When a creature dies, there's nothing left but dead bones!
Franky: You're really convincing!
Brook: Very kind of you! I really hate people who throw their lives away! It makes me sick to my stomach. Even though I have no stomach to be sick!
Zeo: Aren't you the ones who are throwing your lives away? All of you staying here without even trying to run away... when you humans are the ones who will undoubtedly die once the Noah crashes! Granted, I'm not sure you're really human!
Brook: Our Captain Luffy is going to be the Pirate King someday. And that captain just said... that he won't let anyone harm Fishman Island! That we could leave it all to him! As long as we believe in him, why would we worry about anything? Now, it's time for me to fulfill my own mission! I won't take my eyes off you again! Even though I have no eyes!
Wadatsumi: How's dis?! Surprised?!
Sanji: Yeah, that's more than enough.  Oh, I am so surprised.
Wadatsumi: Really?
Sanji: Alright... Let's end this, Jinbe.
Jinbe: Indeed, it's time!
Hyouzou: Hey, wait... I lost my swords. How am I supposed to fight?
Zoro: Hell if I know.
Franky: You're so impudent! I'm gonna settle this in one hit, with the debut of my new super move!
Usopp: One finger... Two fingers... When I raise the third finger, I will snipe you and this fight will be over!
Daruma: What kind of foolish fantasy are you living?! Wake up from your stupid daydream, you puny bastard! Can't admit your defeat?!
Usopp: It's funny... I'm actually surprised too. I used to spout lies all the time... but now I can do the stuff I boast about!
Pirate: What's that monster?!
Daruma: Where did that thing come from?!
Usopp: T-That's... Chopper?!
Dosun: T-That little runt... grew huge all of a sudden!
Usopp: Hey!  Hey, hey! There was no need for you to go berserk!
Chopper: It's alright, Usopp!
Guard: What's happening? L-Look! Hody is...
Fukaboshi: I... I don't believe it!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama!
Luffy: Let's go! Air!
Narrator: The Straw Hat Pirates finally reveal their true power, and are about to overwhelm the New Fishman Pirates. Meanwhile, Hody, who has gained unrivaled power thanks to the Energy Steroids, and the heavily injured Luffy are about to begin their final showdown!
