Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, the Straw Hat Pirates have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But there, the New Fishman Pirates are planning to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and Vander Decken has been stalking the Mermaid Princess Shirahoshi. The crew find themselves drawn into these events, and things have escalated into an all-out war. Due to Hody's ruthless scheme, an unprecedented crisis looms over Fishman Island.
Guard: What's happening? L-Look!
Fukaboshi: I... I don't believe it!
Luffy: Air! He's as tough as the elite bounties. That wound from before...
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama.
Hody: I won't let you stop me, Straw Hat! I won't let you lay a single finger on this ship! Fishman Island is destined to be destroyed! You're too slow... Straw Hat!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama... Luffy-sama!
Hody: My fangs aren't just for show! That's gotta hurt, Straw Hat!
Luffy: Damn it... I can't believe how tough he is. The Red Hawk worked on him before.
Hody: This is the power that the heavens granted to me! The power I was given to destroy the evil, inferior species known as humans! I'm sure you thought you'd have the advantage when we fought in the air... but it's useless. The power of my justice cannot lose to anyone! Nobody will be able to stop my revenge!
Fukaboshi: Hody. His body should be well past its limits... but his malice for the humans coupled with the Energy Steroids... has turned him into a real monster. Straw Hat.
Guard: Luffy-san is... Hody Jones... Is he immortal? I repeat... The giant ship, Noah, is still falling toward Fishman Island. On the Noah's deck, Luffy-san is fighting Hody!
Citizen: The Noah is falling! Is there nothing we can do?! Straw Hat!
Zeo: Did you hear that?  Our captain is still doing well! Our justice is right after all! We are the ones chosen by the heavens! Your captain doesn't stand a one in ten thousand chance of winning!
Brook: You are wrong. I told you, didn't I?  I have faith in him. Our captain will never lose again.
Zeo: Your blathering ends now!
Usopp: Chopper!  What do you mean, it's alright?!
Chopper: I'm now able to fight in this form for three minutes, using the Rumble Ball! It isn't like it was before! I won't cause you guys any more trouble!
Usopp: I don't believe it! You're not going berserk, you're helping us out! How dependable you've become!
Chopper: S- Saying that won't make me happy, you jerk!
Usopp: That's just scary!
Dosun: You gotta be kidding me -dosun! It doesn't matter how big you become, I'm still gonna blast you to the ends of the sea -gogyan!
Chopper: You won't be able to blast me anywhere! Now, bring it!
Usopp: Chopper!
Daruma: Chatting with your friends during a fight?! Know your place! You're nothing but a hindrance to your crew! I'm gonna finish you off right now!
Usopp: Didn't I tell you that I've got a trick up my sleeve? Now, bring it on!  I'll show you my magic tricks!
Ikaros: Interesting!  You say you're gonna finish me off in one hit? Even if the Dried Squid Spear doesn't work on you, I've been concealing a powerful spear that can penetrate anything! Light up! You're the one who'll be dropped with a single hit -hi! I'll pierce a hole right through the robot into the driver's seat -hi!
Franky: That is rather cool, but... it's no use. Against my ultimate weapon, you are... just an inferior squid!
Hyouzou: I can't fight bare handed.  What should I do?
Zoro: I can't cut someone down who has no will to fight. Get lost, damn frog.
Hyouzou: Frog? What's this nonsense? You don't even realize that you're about to fall victim to my lethal poison!
Wadatsumi: Yer gonna end dis?  Dat's mah line! Don't think ya just tricked me into inflatin', ya idiots! Ah'm gonna roll around an' flatten all yer friends in da plaza! Ya listenin'?!
Sanji: Sorry about that. I was just lost in thought for a moment.
Wadatsumi: Lost in thought?!
Sanji: Yeah.  How should I cook a ridiculously big pufferfish?
Wadatsumi: What's dat?!  Try it if ya can!
Jinbe: Well then...
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama.  You're bleeding so badly.
Hody: You still don't get it?! As you are now, you can't do a thing! You can't beat me!
Luffy: Weren't you listening? I told you, right? Both Fishman Island... and Shirahoshi...
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama. ...and my promise to my friends...
Fukaboshi: Straw Hat.
Luffy: I... will protect them all!
Hody: Humans don't seem to learn their lesson until they're dead. You're weak, and you don't know your place! So why don't I make you understand?!
Luffy: I don't have time for this. It's time we settled this!
Hody: Sure, go ahead and try!
Luffy: Weak-hoshi!  Get back!
Shirahoshi: O-Okay!
Hody: You're not getting away! Die!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama.
Fukaboshi: Straw Hat!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama!
Hody: Just give it up... and die! Useless! You're just a pathetic human! You can't possibly stop my revenge!
Luffy: I will  stop the Noah!
Hody: Fall... Noah! Kill all the... fishmen... who have lost their pride!
Zeo: This is my range, skeleton man. The moment that you enter this circle, your bones will all be shattered to dust! Now, what will you do?!
Brook: Now then, if you'll excuse me... I already entered your circle and cut you. It is quite cold out.  Please take care.
Zeo: When did you...
Brook: A haiku... Even your blood froze, but I wish the winds of hell... would lift skirts as well.
Daruma: Die! What's that?!
Usopp: These plants have man shaped roots... that jump at anyone who passes above them... and cling onto them!
Daruma: What is it now?!
Usopp: It sends intruders flying! And now, with you flying high into the air, there's no way for you to dodge!
Daruma: A beast from the surface?  I'll rip it to shreds!
Usopp: Bad idea.  The bulb on the tip of its nose... releases a powerful shockwave that hits anything within three meters!
Dosun: Dosun!  Dogan!  Bogan! Now, fly into the horizon! Gadon!  Megagon! Dogyan! Pi... Pikon...
Ikaros: Squid!  Squid!  Squid! Take this!  The spear that even penetrates underwater mountains! Squid!  Squid!  Squid! Dried squid!
Usopp: A beam?!
Usopp & Chopper: Awesome!
Pirate: Whaaaaat?! The water... pierced right through his body!
Wadatsumi: Da air's leaking.
Sanji: How do you like the sky, balloon pufferfish?
Wadatsumi: A human flying in da sky?! Ya scared da guts outta me!
Sanji: Think back on the past two years...
Oh god no: Sanji-kyuuun!
Sanji: Why did I have to go through all that?!
Wadatsumi: He's on fire!
Sanji: I'm gonna burn those memories to ash! I scared the guts out of you? Well, that saves me some trouble. When cooking pufferfish, one has to be careful to remove the poisonous meat.
Hyouzou: Have a taste of my poisonous blades!
Zoro: Knock it off, damn frog.
Hyouzou: I'm not a frog! I'm Fishman Island's number one! The Hattouryuu-using octopus, Hyouzou! Remember it!
Zoro: So sorry. I confused you with the proverbial frog... in a well.
Guard: He... He did it! This time, he really... beat Hody!
Narrator: The Noah continues to fall toward Fishman Island, as if Hody's malice has been transferred to it. Everyone is about to lose hope at the sight of the monstrous ship... but Luffy continues fighting against the Noah, to the limit of his endurance!
