Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, the Straw Hat Pirates have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. There they fought the New Fishman Pirates, who planned to overthrow the Ryuuguu Kingdom, and it escalated into an all-out war. The giant ship Noah was falling on Fishman Island, but then it was stopped... by the Sea Kings.
Shirahoshi: Please, help him! Luffy-sama won't stop bleeding!
Jinbe: Use my blood. It's type F.  I'll give you as much as you need.
Luffy: Hey, Jinbe. Join my crew!
Citizen: The Royal Family has made its decision!
Pirate: Alright!  We're free! Serves you right, Hody! I thought I'd live the rest of my days as a slave! Straw Hat Pirates, we owe you one! I'm gonna become the Pirate King! Huh?!  I don't know about that... Idiot!  I'm gonna do it! We can finally go to the New World!
Right Minister: Are you sure about this? Should we really release the humans Hody captured? What if their grudge against Hody turns into a grudge against Fishman Island?
Neptune: That shouldn't change my decision.  This island is a rest stop and tourism destination for pirates. They didn't come here with ill intentions. There is no reason for us to keep them -jamon. Now then, as for the remaining members of the New Fishman Pirates!
Pirate: P-Please don't execute us! S-Spare our lives! We didn't know anything about Hody murdering the Queen! They're all insane! Yeah, that's right! It's his fault! We're not to blame!
Neptune: I sentence you... to live here, on Fishman Island's mainland!
Pirate: Whaaaaat?! What?!  You mean to live under the law?! That's fine by me. It's better than being ruled by Hody.
Citizen: You can't do that, Your Majesty! We can't let these guys roam the streets freely. We'll be scared to let our children out of the house!
Neptune: Of course, they'll work under my army's command... and will be pressed into service -jamon I will give them jobs where their formidable strength can be put to good use! The Fishman District, which we cannot watch effectively... will be completely closed off from this day forward -jamon!
Narrator: The revelation of the true culprit behind Queen Otohime's assassination... has brought the darkness of fishmankind to light. The Pirate Hody Jones's plot to conquer Fishman Island... was, ironically, foiled by human pirates who had stopped at the island.
Neptune: Hey. Where is Straw Hat Luffy -jamon?
Fukaboshi: Well, you see... He ran away.
Neptune: R-Ran away?!
Shirahoshi: May I ask why you all left the plaza, as if you're trying to run away?
Zoro: What a stupid thing to ask! Back there, our fight was staged like a show for the citizens. If we stayed in the plaza, we might be made into some kind of heroes. Just thinking about it makes me shudder.
Shirahoshi: You mean to say that you don't wish to become heroes?
Zoro: Listen up!  Heroes are the kind of people who divide up and share their booze! But I wanna drink all of it myself!
Nami: Again, where did you guys get this idea from?!
Luffy: Why won't you join us, Jinbe?! Let's go on adventures together!  Please! Let's go out to sea!  It'll be fun!
Usopp: Yeah, join our crew, Boss!
Chopper: A former Warlord in our crew would be really reassuring! And Luffy, you need to rest.  Don't get worked up.
Jinbe: I'm only saying that I can't join you yet. I'm glad that you invited me. I'm sure it would be fun to travel the seas with all of you... but there are still things I must do first. Things that I am honor bound to do. I've only taken a short break from those obligations. I must still complete that journey. Once I am able to move freely again... I will come to meet up with you.  This I promise you. If you still feel the same way when that time comes, will you invite me to join once more, Straw Hat Pirates?
Luffy: This is a promise!
Sanji: Hey, now... When a man is fulfilling his honor, you shouldn't pressure him.
Robin: It seems Luffy's taken quite a liking to him.
Franky: A friend of Luffy's is a friend of ours! We'll be waiting for you, Jinbe!
Jinbe: Thank you.
Zoro: So, what now? Do we just head straight for the New World?
Shirahoshi: Are you saying that you're leaving already? I wanted to thank you properly, and spend some more time with you.
Sanji: Okay, then!  Let's spend at least a week in the Mermaid Café before we leave!
Usopp: You think we don't know the real reason why you want to do that?! Granted, I completely agree with you!
Guard: Hey!  Please, wait!
Luffy: What?
Usopp: Isn't that a soldier from the Neptune Army?
Guard: Please hold on, Straw Hats! King Neptune, I've caught up with the ship.
Neptune: Good.  Luffy-kun! Why did you leave? We still haven't thanked-
Luffy: I don't wanna be a hero!
Neptune: I understand that. I just wanted to invite you to a feast! Let us resume the feast that was interrupted before -jamon!
Luffy: A feast?!  Alright, let's go! Let's go to the feast!
Nami: Seriously... What was the point in running away then?
Luffy: Meat, meat!  Time to eat!
Brook: I see no reason to turn down an invitation to a feast.
Luffy: Alright!  Let's go call Hachi, Caimie and the others too!
Narrator: On Neptune's orders, the Fishman District was immediately sealed. Hody, as well as the New Fishman Pirates' commanders and Vander Decken, were all locked away in the prison tower.
Guard: We're counting on you, Kraken!  Take him to a distant sea! Wadatsumi, there's no cell big enough for you! You are banished from this kingdom!
Citizen: Did you find any? Yes! Alright, let's cook 'em up and bring 'em all to Ryuuguu Palace. They've invited the Straw Hats to a huge feast. We'll handle it! We heard that sea monster meat is their favorite! Let's bring them candy and cakes too! I heard that they can eat a ton of food! Bring everything you have! Do we have enough alcohol?  We'll give 'em so much top shelf liquor they could bathe in it!
Neptune: Luffy-kun and his crew, I'm glad you could come -jamon. That being said, we can speak at the feast. The long flounders will carry you to the banquet hall!
Luffy: Whoa, those are some huge rays!
Zoro: They're flounders.
Usopp: Don't you listen, Luffy? He just said that they were flounders.
Nami: It's a pitch-black, flooded room...
Caimie: I never thought someone like me would see Ryuuguu Palace.  I'm so nervous.
Hachi: This is the first time I've been in Ryuuguu Palace.
Luffy: Where are we?  Where's the meat and feast?
Guard: Oh!  Our heroes have arrived!
Chopper: The floor's covered with soldiers!
Guard: Thank you for protecting Fishman Island! We will always remember what you've done for us! Thank you! Heroes!  Heroes!  Heroes!
Luffy: Shut up!  Quit saying we're heroes! I'm eating all the meat!
Zoro: That's right!  I wanna drink all the booze!
Nami: You're both hopeless.
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama, the stage is right ahead!
Luffy: Stage?
Voice: Ladies and gentlemen!  We now begin the feast honoring the Straw Hat Pirates! First off, let me introduce the pride of Fishman Island, the number one diva on the ocean floor... Maria Napole! And the Swing Jazz Orchestra!
Nami: What an amazing singing voice!
Usopp: Maria-sama!
Brook: My soul is trembling!  Oh yeah!
Voice: And our special guests!
Sanji: N-No way!
Voice: Men are left breathless by their beauty! The Mermaid Café Dancers!
Chopper: Stop that! You'll die, Sanji!
Brook: Beauty too pure to be captured by a mere picture! These ladies are number one! My powuh ith fadibg...
Robin: Oh, my.
Usopp: Awesome!
Nami: Simply spellbinding!
Ishilly: Caimie!
Caimie: Ishilly!  You're alright!
Zoro: Finally!  Can't have a feast without this!
Franky: I've been super-waiting for this!
Pappagg: I'd expect no less from Ryuuguu Palace!
Robin: Thank you very much.
Jinbe: Most obliged.
Princes: Thank you.
Sanji: Mermaid-chaaaan!
Princess: Thank you very much.
Voice: Now then, Your Majesty.  Will you lead us in a toast?
Neptune: Before the toast, I would like to express my gratitude -jamon. My dear Straw Hats. Thanks to y-
Luffy: Let's party!
Everyone: Cheers!
Nami: Now, let's start drinking!
Neptune: Well... Well... Nobody cares about me -jamon.
Ministers: Bring in the food!
Luffy: Meat!
Left Minister: Eat!  Sing!  Drink!  Dance!
Luffy: Yummy!
Mermad: You can have as much as you like.
Luffy: Really?  Thanks a ton! This wouldn't be enough, after all.
Jinbe: You certainly are lively!
Pappagg: Now, you dance too!  Come on!
The Utterly Indistinguishable Ones: Yeah, let's dance! He's dancing. He's not dancing. He's dancing, isn't he? So what if he's dancing?
Chopper: Yummy!  Fishman candy is on a whole new level!
Zoro: The booze here really is in a class of its own! I've tasted it before.
Franky: And if I recall, you got arrested afterwards!
Hachi: Don't sweat the small stuff -nyuu!
Mermaid: Are you alright, Hero-san?
Sanji: That bastard!  He had a trick like that up his sleeve?! Oh, I'm done for!
Chopper: Sanji!
Mermaid: You should be more careful, sir.
Chopper: You're gonna kill yourself someday.
Neptune: Everyone's ignoring me -jamon.
Luffy: The shaggy old guy sure is gloomy.
Right Minister: Hey, Straw Hat-san! You can't talk to His Majesty like that!
Caimie: Luffy-chin!  Luffy-chin!
Usopp: Luffy, let's have a toast!
Luffy: You join in too, shaggy old guy!
Neptune: Alright... But... please let me at least thank you first.
Shirahoshi: Father!
Neptune: Shirahoshi.
Luffy: Cheers!
Neptune: Cheers -jamon!  It's alright -jamon!
Luffy: You guys too!  Cheers!
Guards: Cheers!
Robin: This drink is quite delicious. Is it made using different water?
Left Minister: Oh, so you can tell the difference, Miss?
Nami: Refill! What's with the pale faces?  My cup's empty!
Fukaboshi: W-We lose.
Manboshi: Akkamanbo!  Fuuri!  Fuuri! Keep dancing, everyone!
Ryuuboshi: Eat, drink, and let loose -mi fa so la ti do!
Neptune: What did you want to talk about -jamon, Pirate girl?
Robin: Forgive me.  I thought this would be our best chance to be alone.
Neptune: I-I should make this clear, I have sworn to love nobody but my wife, Otohime, for the rest of my life! She might be dead now, but I could never betray-
Robin: Who is Joyboy? I read a Poneglyph in the Sea Forest. Who was he apologizing to?
Neptune: You can read them?!
Robin: I'm a survivor from Ohara. If you don't want to tell me, I won't force you.
Neptune: No. I'll tell you all that I know. I'm okay with you knowing. Joyboy was a man from the surface, who lived during the void century.
Robin: So he died at least eight hundred years ago?
Neptune: That message was directed to the Mermaid Princess who had lived on this island. It was an apology, because he'd broken a promise to Fishman Island.
Robin: Promise?
Neptune: The details haven't been passed down, but eventually somebody will come and carry out the promise in Joyboy's place. That is the legend that is passed down through the Royal Family. We promised to believe in that day, and each generation has taken its turn to watch over the Noah, as promised. When that day comes, the Noah will fulfill its mission, at last.
Robin: Earlier today, after everything was finished above the island, I heard that the half-destroyed Noah was carried into the Sea Forest... by the Sea Kings. Maybe Joyboy, who was going to use the Noah, had the power to control the Sea Kings?
Neptune: No, it was the former Mermaid Princess who had that power.
Robin: I knew it. So, does Princess Shirahoshi have the same power?
Neptune: Yes.  I assume that it awakened completely today. I can't say I'm happy about this.
Robin: I understand. Two years ago, I read a Poneglyph on Sky Island that told the location of an ancient weapon. It said that it was here, on this island. The Mermaid Princess who lived in the same era as Joyboy... Is this what they called her, perhaps? Or in other words, Princess Shirahoshi, who carries the same power... will also inherit this title. Her other name is... the ancient weapon... Poseidon!
Narrator: Jinbe tells the crew about two major events... that pose a threat to Luffy and the others, who are about to enter the New World!
