Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, the Straw Hat Pirates have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But once there, they found themselves in an all-out war against the New Fishman Pirates, who were consumed by their hatred of humanity and plotted to overthrow Ryuuguu Kingdom. After a long, fierce battle, Luffy finally defeated the New Fishman Pirates captain, Hody, and put an end to their schemes.
Robin: Two years ago, I read a Poneglyph on Sky Island that told the location of an ancient weapon. The Mermaid Princess who lived in the same era as Joyboy... Is this what they called her, perhaps? The ancient weapon... Poseidon!
Neptune: What were they for? In ancient times, there existed in this world the power to destroy everything. Three ancient weapons named after the gods... Pluton, Uranus, and Poseidon.
Robin: And she is one of those weapons.
Neptune: Indeed.
Robin: It would be awful if anyone found out about this, right? I'm sure that all the major influences around the world would want to claim Shirahoshi's power for their own. Both the Government and the pirates.
Caribou: An ancient weapon? The power to destroy the world, you say?! I thought I'd just say goodbye to this place now that I have all their treasure, but I've overheard something pretty amazing here, haven't I? I see, so the Mermaid Princess is...
Luffy: Gimme another!
Chef: You've already eaten it all?!
Luffy: It's just too tasty. No matter how much I eat, it's never enough! Especially this candy! It even puts the meat to shame! Gimme a mountain of this candy!
Chef: W-Well... We just gave you everything we had. I can always prepare something else for you, though.
Luffy: Please do!
Jinbe: By the way, Luffy. How much do you know about what's happening in the world?
Luffy: What's this, all of a sudden?
Jinbe: Judging from that answer, I guess you don't know anything. I'm worried about your lack of interest.
Luffy: Really?
Citizen: Thank you for waiting.
Jinbe: Will you come outside and talk?
Luffy: Alright, just wait a second. I'm bringing the food with me! What, you guys are here too?
Nami: I drank a lot. I'm recovering from drinking too much booze.
Usopp: I'm recovering from eating too much food.
Chopper: Sanji's recovering from seeing too much mermaid.
Sanji: Mermaid Island... is the greatest...
Luffy: What?!  Akainu and Aokiji got into a big fight?!
Jinbe: So I was right. You don't even know about an event that big?
Luffy: Yeah.  I didn't hear anything during my training.
Jinbe: Rayleigh was pretty strict, huh.
Chopper: I heard about it!  I did!
Usopp: Seriously?!
Jinbe: Immediately after the war two years ago, Fleet Admiral Sengoku decided to retire. Sengoku wanted his trusted subordinate, Aokiji, to become his successor... but there were many high ranked government officials who wanted Akainu instead... so they both became candidates for the position. Aokiji rarely shows interest in anything... but he was strongly opposed to Akainu becoming Fleet Admiral. The two disagreed, and the unprecedented quarrel between two Admirals escalated... until they finally settled it in a duel on a certain island. Dead men tell no tales. The loser would no longer be around to complain. Control of the Navy would pass into the hands of whoever won the duel. Their deathmatch lasted for ten days, and became a subject of conversation all over the world. They were almost equal in terms of power, but the battle finally reached a conclusion. The winner was Akainu. Sakazuki is the new Fleet Admiral of the Navy!
Luffy: Akainu!
Gendo Ikari: You're mine!
Luffy: Did Aokiji die?
Jinbe: They were both gravely injured... but I suppose when he saw his former comrade collapsed before him, even Akainu felt some remorse. Aokiji refused to serve under Akainu... so he left the Navy.
Usopp: What?!
Luffy: So, Aokiji isn't a marine any more?
Jinbe: Indeed.  Who knows where he is now, or what he's planning. In any case, the Navy has lost a valuable asset.
Usopp: Yeah, the Admirals are considered the most powerful forces in the Navy, after all.
Jinbe: But the Government has a plan to fill that power vacuum... and it gives the Navy almost unthinkable power. Listen up, all of you.  A lot of things have happened in the New World over the past two years, but there are two changes in particular that you must keep in mind. First of all, Navy HQ under Sakazuki's command... has become an even more powerful force for justice. The other... is the rise of the Blackbeard Pirates!
Usopp: Blackbeard?
Nami: The people we met in Mock Town, right?
Chopper: The guys who once ravaged my homeland!
Blackbeard: This whole "New Era" they're talking about is a load of crap. The era where pirates dream is over?! Huh?!
Dude: What's he talking about?
Blackbeard: People's dreams... never end! Ain't that right?!
Luffy: So you're... Blackbeard?!
Blackbeard: Huh?  Oh, yeah, I never introduced myself, did I? Long time no see, Straw Hat!
Jinbe: He had been with the Whitebeard Pirates for quite a while. He was familiar with their territory, and after the Old Man died... he went and took it over almost immediately. And did it by using the very same Gura Gura power he'd stolen from him. Among society, he already ranks up with... Red Hair... Kaidou... and Big Mam... as one of the Four Emperors.
Nami: So he just snuck in and took Whitebeard's place. What an insufferable guy.
Jinbe: He truly is a damnable man. Rumor has it that they're out hunting Devil Fruit users. I don't know how they do it, but they can kill Devil Fruit users and take their powers. Blackbeard and his crew's goal is to collect even stronger Devil Fruit powers. Be careful.
Chopper: I'm in danger!
Usopp: I don't think they need the Hito Hito Fruit.
Chopper: What?!
Jinbe: Luffy-kun, you have... a lot of history with Blackbeard... with Teach. You have to be... Luffy! Are you even listening?! You're the captain, aren't you?! You should at least pay attention to the important parts!
Sanji: Oh, don't worry about it, Jinbe.  We all heard it.
Chopper: Huh?  You mean a captain isn't someone who ignores everything people say?
Jinbe: Being the captain means you're responsible for the lives of your crewmates, does it not, Luffy?!
Luffy: Nah, Jinbe, just take it easy. I like to leave it to chance, after all.
Jinbe: I'm sure this has been hard on all of you.
Crew: Absolutely.
Caimie: Luffy-chin! Ah, there you are! The guest of honor shouldn't be all the way out here!
Luffy: Oh, Caimie! Come to think of it, I don't see Weak-Hoshi around.
Caimie: The Princess said she was a little tired and wanted to rest.  She just went to her room.
Luffy: Hey, Zoro! Sanji! Is it just me... or is there something like a wild animal in the palace?
Zoro: Yeah.
Sanji: It does feel like something's here.
Shirahoshi: I never knew that a party could be so much fun with other people. Somebody! Please don't do this! Please just tell me who you are! Somebody!  Anybody!
Caribou: Don't make such a bitter face, Your Highness! Don't worry, this isn't gonna hurt. After I stole the treasure, selling mermaids seemed like more trouble than it's worth... but you're a special case! I just need you to go to sleep for a little while! My brother and the others just let me know that they've arrived here! Let's go to the New World together!
Luffy: Hey.
Caribou: Come on, let's see a smile. Licky-licky.  Licky-licky.  Licky-licky.  Leee!
Luffy: Hey!
Caribou: What do you want, Straw Hat? I'm busy here.  Don't disturb me! Licky-licky! Licky-licky-licky.  Licky-licky.  Licky... Lick... Li... L... Straw Hat?!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama!
Luffy: That guy was still here?
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama! I was so terrified!
Sanji: You're so damn lucky, Luffy! I should have kicked him, dammit!
Zoro: That pirate we captured back in the ocean, huh? Now that I think about it, I hadn't seen him since we arrived on Fishman Island. I completely forgot about him.
Right Minister: That was so close!  Once again, we are in your debt.
Luffy: Don't sweat it.
Right Minister: I can't believe that treasure thief was still in the castle. Usually, not even a single minnow could find its way into the castle... but the gate was left open during the chaos of the battle. Look!  The tower to the right was cut clean in half! I'm sure it was the treasure thief who took advantage of our absence and...
Pappagg: No, it was this guy who cut the tower. When they were escaping from the cage, he showed off by cutting the bars and the room clean in half.
Zoro: Let him take the blame, you dumb starfish!
Pappagg: What's with you?! Lying is the first step to becoming a thief!
Nami: Wait a second, Right Minister-chan!
Right Minister: Chan?
Nami: What do you mean, treasure thief?!
Right Minister: It's just what it sounds like. That man stole all the treasure in the palace.
Nami: Huh, that guy?
Luffy & Zoro: I've got a bad feeling about this...
Nami: Those are your country's treasures, right?!  Aren't you gonna go after him?
Neptune: Compared to the lives of all our citizens, the treasure is completely insignificant.
Nami: Like hell it is! So, if we take it back...
Neptune: It would be my honor to bestow the treasure upon our country's saviors.
Nami: Really? Hey you!  Why'd you send him flying?! Why didn't you just knock him out and tie him up here?!
Sanji: Even when she's angry, Nami-san is still-
Nami: Go find him, right now!
Guard: Your Majesty! Something's happened to Hody and his crew!  And their handcuffs have come off!
Neptune: What?!
Hody: Humans!  Our malice will not end... The time of our revenge will still come. Bring Straw Hat to me... I will kill him.
Hyouzou: Am I drunk?  My joints hurt...
Zeo: I got old on purpose.
Dosun: First, we will get revenge on the Straw Hats -fosun...
Ikaros: We will bestow judgment upon the humans.
Jinbe: What is all this?!
Ryuuboshi: Is this really Hody's crew?!
Hody: Don't think you can keep me in a cage, you dumb king! T-These bars...
Ikaros: Captain Hody!
Fukaboshi: How can this be?!
Right Minister: As I thought, the Energy Steroids you've been using... were the pills from the legendary Tamate Box, right?!
Nami: Tamate Box?
Neptune: A national treasure passed down through the generations on Fishman Island -jamon.
Right Minister: The truth is, ten years ago... there was an incident when the contents of the Tamate Box were stolen. We didn't know who was responsible, and His Majesty decided to keep it secret to avoid panic. Now that I think about it, it happened when you left the army, Hody!
Hody: That's right.  I stole them. You fools.
Neptune: Even the legends are unclear what those pills do. Some legends claim that they can give you the power of a thousand men, others say that they just make you old. As far as a national treasure go, they're rather peculiar. I'm guessing that they're just a vile drug, and they were heavily guarded to prevent the dangerous effects. You opened a box that should have never been opened, gained some power, and became deluded with grandeur -jamon.
Hody: Shut up, Neptune!
Neptune: You'll never be able to carry out your revenge like this.
Hody: Shut up! We are the destined avengers! We will definitely slaughter... both you and the humans!
Neptune: Now that it's come to this, I pity you. I'll have to reconsider your punishment.
Hody: Wait, Neptune! Fukaboshi, you're a disgrace to our species!
Fukaboshi: Fishman Island will be born anew. You killed my mother, but I bear no grudge against you. So please...  Be quiet now. We mustn't let our island's children hear you.
Guard: Left Minister! Sir Pekoms and Baron Tamago are at the Candy Factory!
Left Minster: Big Mam's subordinates... are here now?!
Pekoms: Where's the candy?!
Tamago: Mama is waiting impatiently, so to say.
Guard: We have no candy to offer her this month. Hody and his crew destroyed the factory, and everyone wanted to give the candy that survived to the Straw Hats... so we took it to the banquet!
Left Minister: I don't know if excuses will be enough. We're dealing with a monster who's willing to destroy whole countries over candy! Big Mam of the Four Emperors!
