Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, the Straw Hat Pirates have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But once there, they found themselves in an all-out war against the New Fishman Pirates, who were consumed by hatred of humanity and plotted to overthrow Ryuuguu Kingdom. After a fierce battle, Luffy finally defeated the New Fishman Pirates captain, Hody, and put an end to their schemes.
Jinbe: Listen up, all of you.  A lot of things have happened in the New World over the past two years, but there are two changes in particular that you must keep in mind. First of all, Navy HQ under Sakazuki's command... has become an even more powerful force for justice. The other... is the rise of the Blackbeard Pirates!
Nami: Hey you!  Why'd you send him flying?! Why didn't you just knock him out and tie him up here?!
Sanji: Even when she's angry, Nami-san is still-
Nami: Go find him, right now!
Left Minister: Big Mom's subordinates... are here now?!
Guard: We have no candy to offer her this month. Hody and his crew destroyed the factory, and everyone wanted to give the candy that survived to the Straw Hats... so we took it to the banquet!
Left Minister: I don't know if excuses will be enough. We're dealing with a monster who's willing to destroy whole countries over candy! Big Mom of the Four Emperors!
Narrator: The feast has been properly enjoyed, and has come to a proper close.
Usopp: What?!  We can have the treasure?!
Chopper: Amazing!
Franky: Well ain't that fortunate?
Shirahoshi: Will Luffy-sama and the others be alright, Nami-chin-sama?
Nami: Yeah, don't worry about them.
Franky: We're making it big just as we break into the New World!
Brook: Is life really that simple?
Chopper: Hey, Usopp!  Why don't we go look, too?
Usopp: We really shouldn't.  Upon checking, I found out... that my bounty is over two hundred million beli!
Chopper: Huh?  But I'm still only worth fifty.
Luffy: Hey, look, Zoro and Sanji! There he is!  That was easy!
Zoro: So your punch already knocked him out? How boring.
Sanji: This is an impressive pile! Is the shaggy king really going to give all of this to us?
Luffy: Awesome!  I'll be able to buy tons of meat with this!
Zoro: He really had all of this stored inside that swampy body of his?
All three: Heave-ho!
Luffy: Alright, back to Ryuuguu Palace!
Zoro: How?
Sanji: We'll need a flying fish.
Luffy: Which way to town, Zoro?
Zoro: Over there.
Sanji: Okay then, we go the other way!
Zoro: Hey!
Pekoms: Now then, Left Minister...
Left Minister: Is it too much to ask for some sort of leniency this one time? The factory was unexpectedly attacked by Hody's crew, so...
Pekoms: Your little rebellion has nothing to do with us -gao! I was planning to take a little taste for myself, and now I'm starving! You give us an offering of candy once a month, and we give you Mama's name to protect you! Wasn't that the deal?! We're business partners, so I didn't want to say this... but you know how terrifying Mama is, don't you?! Make her mad, and you'll... be annihilated!
Citizen: He's so cute when he makes threats.
Pekoms: Pay your protection -gao!
Luffy: There's a crowd over there! This is the Candy Factory that Pappagg talked about!
Zoro: Really?  I hope there are some flying fish here.
Luffy: This must be where they made all that delicious candy we had earlier! Hey, Candy Factory!
Citizen: Oh, it's Straw Hat Luffy! Luffy-san!  Is the feast over?
Left Minister: Luffy-kun!  What are you doing here?!
Luffy: Yeah!  I'm stuffed! The meat was great too, but the candy from Fishman Island is just the best!
Pekoms: What?!
Citizen: Uh... Straw Hat-san... Don't tell them that!
Luffy: Ah!  Mr. Droopy Mustache!  You're here too?!
Pekoms: Did he just say candy?!  Who's this guy?! Right!  That's Straw Hat Luffy!  No doubt about it. What's such a famous pirate doing here?
Left Minister: Uh, well...
Pekoms: Hey, kid!  What did you say about the candy?!
Left Minister: No, Sir Pekoms, you see...
Luffy: Who're you?  You're not a fishman. Did you come to buy candy? I just ate until my stomach was about to burst!
Pekoms: What?! What is the meaning of this?! He's saying he ate all the candy!
Left Minister: Uh, well, you see... There is a reason for...
Luffy: Huh?  A talking lion! Well, whatever. We've got a similar guy in our crew too.
Usopp: What's wrong?  You got a cold?
Chopper: Is someone talking about me behind my back?
Brook: Well, you are rather popular.
Luffy: This lion sure has a unique face!
Pekoms: What was that?!  Are you mocking me?! How filthy!  You bastard!
Tamago: Pekoms. Recklessly threatening everyone won't necessarily help us collect the candy. Let us find a peaceful solution to this -soir. The tea party isn't for another four days -bon. If we set off tomorrow morning, we can still make it -jour.
Luffy: Another weirdo.  Who are you?
Tamago: Bon day to you. I am a soft-boiled member of our pirate crew. I go by the name of Baron Tamago -soir.
Luffy: Egg?
Tamago: Please remember my name, at least -s'il vous plait. Incidentally, my dear fellows... Did you just say something about eating all the candy this factory produced -c'est si bon?
Zoro: What is he, a compass?
Luffy: That's right.  I'd love to eat more if they had any!
Tamago: And it is precisely because they don't that we are in this quandary -bon. That mark up on the factory is the flag of our boss, the great pirate Charlotte Linlin -soir. That flag marks this island as part of the Emperor Big Mom's territory. Meaning!  Fishman Island is being protected by Big Mom's name -bon!
Luffy: She must be nice!  I'd love to meet her! Big Mom, huh?
Tamago: Make no mistake.  This is just business! Ten tons of candy per month. That is the price they must pay to fly that flag -bon.
Luffy: Ten tons?!
Tamago: Indeed.  Mama loves sweets more than anything else -soir. Fishman Island candy in particular, is her favorite. So we will wait until tomorrow morning.
Left Minister: No, no, Baron... Like I was just saying, all the ovens in the factory are broken... and it'll take several days to repair them, so at least give us two weeks to-
Tamago: No can do -soir.
Sanji: Hey, Egg!  Why can't you just wait?!
Zoro: How could one of the Four Emperors be such a small balled bastard?
Tamago: She is no bastard! Mama is a great female pirate -vous plait. She does not have any balls at all -jour.
Sanji: So she's a Madame?
Sanji's imagination is not a very good actor: I love candy... and you too, since you can make it.
Sanji: So, what happens if she doesn't get the candy on time?
Tamago: If that happens... our agreement will be null and void! And in a few short days, Big Mom will send valiant warriors to destroy Fishman Island -vous plait!
Luffy: Destroy Fishman Island?! What are you, stupid?! You think I'll let this country fall because of candy?! We just saved this island!
Pirate: You seem happy, Mama.
Big Mam: I'm looking forward to the tea party in four days! I'll be able to eat that delicious candy from Fishman Island again! I'm so excited, my stomach acid's just gushing out.
Pirate: So excited!  So excited!  Fishman Island candy!
Big Mam: You're looking forward to it too?
Pirate: But of course!  That candy is a masterpiece!
Big Mam: Then... you can look forward to it from inside my gut!
Bobbin: Mama! I'm back!
Big Mam: Right... So how did it go, Bobbin?
Bobbin: We took care of 'em, then burned it down!
Big Mam: Good.  That country's baked sweets were the best! I'm sure the burning country must have smelled nice? It's too bad, but it couldn't be helped. They failed to deliver the promised sweets, after all.
Bobbin: Got any snacks?
Big Mam: Anyone who won't give me candy must be killed. I hate people who tell me they'll give it to me and then don't! I hate them as much as bitter candy!
Bobbin: Speaking of which... Apparently Fishman Island might not be able to deliver the candy for this month. Pekoms just contacted me. Should we burn down Fishman Island, too?
Big Mam: The candy from Fishman Island isn't coming?! Get me the Snail Phone right now!
Luffy: Destroy Fishman Island?! What are you, stupid?! You think I'll let this country fall because of candy?! We just saved this island!
Tamago: I'm utterly appalled -bon. You're not even soft boiled.  You're still a raw egg. You rookies don't even know fear.  It puts us in a bad position -jour.
Pekoms: It must be Mama -gao! I just explained the situation to her.
Citizen: A... A message from Big Mom herself?!
Tamago: Hey, Pekoms!
Pekoms: You answer it -gao!  I don't want her to yell at me!
Luffy: Hello?!
Tamago & Pekoms: Hey!
Citizen: Whaaaaat?!
Luffy: Are you Big Mom?!
Tamago & Pekoms: Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Big Mam: You're not Tamago, or Pekoms. Who are you?!
Luffy: I'm Monkey D. Luffy! The man who will become the Pirate King!
Tamago & Pekoms: Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Left Minister: Luffy-kun!
Citizen: Straw Hat-san!
Big Mam: Monkey... D? Ah, Garp's grandson? Now I remember! You're that kid who caused a ruckus during the war two years ago, right?
Luffy: There's no candy here! I ate all of it!
Big Mam: There really isn't any at all?! There was supposed to be ten tons of it!
Luffy: I ate all ten tons!
Citizen: Straw Hat-san, you don't have to do this!
Tamago: What is he trying to do?!
Big Mam: What an idiot you are!  Don't lie to me! You're covering for the fishmen, aren't you?
Luffy: But it's true that I ate it! I didn't know it was promised to someone else. We've got tons of treasure here. I'll give all of it to you as compensation for the candy!
Pekoms & Tamago: Treasure?!
Big Mam: Huh?!  As if I could eat treasure! I want to eat sweet candy!
Tamago: Hey, wait a second!  Is that all treasure?!
Luffy: Yup.
Tamago: Mama, this is Tamago speaking!  Let's think about this calmly! A few days days ago, that brat, Captain Kid, sunk two ships that we were supposed to protect -bon!
Luffy: Kid?
Sanji: I remember him!  He's that rookie we met at Sabaody who's worth over a hundred million!
Tamago: They lost a lot of money.  To tell the truth, we've been needing a little money to settle that problem -bon! Just this once, the smart choice would be to wait another two weeks for the candy, and accept this treasure as an apology for their blunder -jour! As for your sweets, we'll pick up the sweetest and most savory we can find on our way back.
Big Mam: You gotta be kidding me, Tamago! How dare you say such a disgraceful thing. What pirate would ever accept a compromise for the things she wants?!
Tamago: I- I'm soiry!
Big Mam: Although... this brat who's willing to stand up to me has piqued my interest. As you wish, just this once... I'll change my target from Fishman Island to you!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama and the others are late. Are they really alright, Nami-chin-sama?
Nami: Hmm?  Yeah, now that you mention it, they are pretty late. Sheesh, where are they dawdling about now?! If they don't bring that treasure back, I'll never forgive them!
Big Mam: Monkey D. Luffy... I'll remember you. Come, to the New World!
Left Minister: Luffy-kun!
Luffy: Sure.  Just you wait! I've got something to settle with you now.
Big Mam: Huh?
Luffy: You're too dangerous to trust! I'll kick your ass in the New World... and make Fishman Island my turf!
Big Mam: You little brat!
