Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, the Straw Hat Pirates have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But once there, they found themselves in an all-out war against the New Fishman Pirates, who were consumed by hatred of humanity and plotted to overthrow Ryuuguu Kingdom. After a long, fierce battle, Luffy finally defeated the New Fishman Pirates captain, Hody, and put an end to their schemes.
Big Mam: As you wish, just this once... I'll change my target from Fishman Island to you! Monkey D. Luffy... I'll remember you. Come, to the New World!
Luffy: Sure.  Just you wait! I've got something to settle with you now.
Big Mam: Huh?
Luffy: You're too dangerous to trust! I'll kick your ass in the New World... and make Fishman Island my turf!
Big Mam: You little brat!
Right Minister: Here you go.
Usopp: Thanks.
Right Minister: This is Fishman Island's famous kelp tea. It's good for your digestion, so do your stomach a favor and drink it.
Usopp: Delicious!  This is really refreshing, Right Minister.
Brook: This is very generous of you.  Thank you very much.
Right Minister: Don't mention it. I can't express my gratitude to you with words alone.
Usopp: I guess we'll be saying goodbye to Fishman Island soon.
Shirahoshi: Please don't say goodbye, Noseopp-sama!
Usopp: H-Hey, don't cry!  I'm sorry! And the name is Usopp... By the way, where's Franky?
Nami: He's gone to learn about how to operate the ship. Apparently we have to use some special tricks in order to get back to the surface.
Usopp: Really?
Right Minister: This the list of items stolen from the treasure chamber? I see... He really did a number on the place. Again, the Tamate Box has been... The Tamate Box?! Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?!
Caribou: Damn that Straw Hat. He went completely overboard! However... I've still got plenty of treasure stored in my belly! I'll buy a hundred pirate ships, kill Straw Hat and his crew in the New World, and then... T-T-The treasure... is gone, isn't it?! Now I can't even buy a single piece of candy! My treasure-chan! Where'd you go?!
Neptune: So how are they -jamon, Jinbe? Are the members of the Sun Pirates doing well?
Jinbe: Yes.  If anything, they're doing a little too well. Some of them were rather violent.
Neptune: Still, I'm impressed that they agreed. Even I was surprised when I heard -jamon. I never would have thought that the Sun Pirates would align with Big Mom. Are they really okay with it?
Jinbe: It'd be quite a stretch to call her a reasonable woman, but she gives us a lot of freedom.
Neptune: Well, I just thought... a man like you would never work under anyone but Fisher Tiger.
Jinbe: Not at all. I don't mind having someone else as my boss. Besides, in the New World... having an alliance with one of the Four Emperors is the best way to protect your crew.
Neptune: Really?  It seems to me that you did it to protect Fishman Island. Because you did what you did, Fishman Island has been able to use Big Mom's name after Whitebeard's death, and so we've stayed relatively safe.
Jinbe: Oh, that's just a coincidence. Normally we would protect the island ourselves, but... seeing as how we're wanted men... But, Your Majesty. I'm thinking of separating myself from Big Mom.
Neptune: Oh?  Are you going to accept Luffy-kun's offer?
Luffy: Hey, Jinbe. Join my crew!
Jinbe: Yes, I have been considering it. But there are duties and obligations I must take into account. I've formed promises and bonds through words and shared cups. Now, if I break those bonds I have to be prepared... This is a worst case scenario, but we can't rule out the possibility that Big Mom's anger could engulf this island.
Neptune: As always, you try to carry too much responsibility on your shoulders -jamon, Jinbe. If that comes to pass, then we'll deal with it then. I have plans of my own -jamon. Just today, I gained seventy thousand new soldiers from the Fishman District, even if they're rowdy. Don't worry -jamon. And besides, even if this island does lose Big Mom's flag, there's another flag I would love to borrow for protection. The flag with a skull wearing a straw hat -jamon!
Jinbe: I see!  That is a nice flag, isn't it?
Right Minister: Your Majesty! T-T-T-This is awful! Y-Your Majesty!
Neptune: What is it, Right Minister?  Why are you panicking?
Right Minister: I remembered something awful! It's about our promise to give all the stolen treasure to Luffy-kun's crew if they found it. If they do find it, please make them return the Tamate Box, at least!
Neptune: What are you talking about?! I promised them that they could have it, and I won't tell them to give it back now!
Right Minister: B-But...
Neptune: What?!  If they open it, it'll explode?! Why would you put a bomb in it?!
Right Minister: W-Well, you see... Ten years ago, when someone emptied the Tamate Box, we figured we'd set up a trap so that if another treasure thief showed up, they wouldn't get away. So we filled the box with bombs... and made it so that if it was opened, it would cause a huge explosion. As the one who holds the key to the treasure chamber and the Tamate Box, I...
Neptune: Alright, I understand. If Luffy-kun and the others find the treasure, you'll explain the situation and ask them to return the box.
Right Minister: I'm really sorry about this!
Neptune: But what if Luffy-kun and the others open it before they get back?
Right Minister: I'm worried about that, too.
Guard: Your Majesty!  Right Minister! Luffy-san and his group just returned to Ryuuguu Palace.
Right Minister: Oh!  They made it back without any trouble? Thank goodness! I suppose I shouldn't have worried so much.
Peoplez: Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?!
Right Minister: You gave...
Neptune: all the treasure...
Nami: to Big Mom?!
Luffy: She was saying something about how she'd destroy Fishman Island if she didn't get candy! She's crazy!  I mean, I'd understand if it was meat she was talking about... But don't worry about it! I picked a fight with her!
Usopp and Chopper and Brook: With one of the Four Emperors?!
Jinbe: You picked a fight with Big Mom?!
Shirahoshi: You're strong, right, Luffy-sama?
Usopp: That's not the issue here!
Shirahoshi: Noseopp-sama, you're so scary...
Usopp: I told you, my name is Usopp! I'm sorry.
Jinbe: What a bother... This is not good. I'll have to cut my ties with Big Mom before the whole deal breaks down. Anyway, don't do anything that might make Big Mom angrier than she is already.
Usopp: Of course we won't!  If we get on the bad side of one of the Four Emperors, we'll be obliterated instantly!
Neptune: Hey, isn't this really bad, Right Minister?
Right Minister: How could this happen?! Now the Tamate Box will end up with Big Mom, and if she opens it herself, she'll take the explosion as a declaration of war from Luffy-san!
Neptune: This is just awful -jamon!
Sanji: Well, it's not like there's anything we can do about it.
Zoro: What's done is done.
Nami: We'll reap what we've sowed. I suppose there's no way out of fighting her now.
Luffy: That's right!  No matter who the enemy is, we'll-
Sanji: Dabi-san...
Nami: Why... did you give her all the treasure?!
Usopp and Chopper and Brook: That's the problem?!
Nami: I'm gonna punch you!
Chopper: Uh, you already did!
Luffy: Awlight... Wet'hs go to da New Wold.
Usopp and Chopper and Brook: The future looks completely bleak!
Usopp: It's hopeless!  We're done for!
Narrator: Meanwhile, near the Candy Factory...
Caribou: Dammit!  Without me noticing, someone wandered off with all my treasure! Who did it?!  I'm definitely gonna kill'em! I know I'd gain favor with that person if I offer them... a mountain of treasure and the secret about the Mermaid Princess! A crowd! Who are those two guys carrying gigantic sacks?
Pekoms: Straw Hat Luffy... Since he challenged Mama, he must really want to die.
Tamago: Mama's rage is beyond mortal comprehension -soir. I wonder what'll happen -vous plait.
Pekoms: The tea party is in four days, right? We'll have to go to a different island and gather the sweetest candy we can find -gao. We've gotta try to calm Mama down a little, at least.
Tamago: Indeed, that seems like the smartest thing to do -soir. Thankfully, we have plenty of treasure at least -vous plait.
Caribou: That's it!  No doubt about it! Who are those nobodies?!  I'm gonna bury 'em alive! That's the treasure I stole!  Give it back, damn you!
Tamago: Hmm?
Pekoms: I've seen him before somewhere -gao. Ah, here he is. Wet Hair Caribou. He's a rookie who's been popping up a lot recently. Oh, he's worth 200 million.
Citizen: A-A 200 million bounty?!
Caribou: It's too late to pray for your lives now! Go ahead and get filled with holes!
Citizen: Sir Pekoms!
Caribou: What's that? A turtle? You're a Devil Fruit user?
Pekoms: Of course I am!
Caribou: But it's just a Zoan-type fruit, huh?! Die!
Pekoms: Logia-users who think they're invincible don't live very long.
Tamago: Half-boiled challengers are always so disappointing -soir. Time to go -bon, Pekoms. Back to Mama.
Citizen: He took out a man worth 200 million in one hit. If I remember it right, Sir Pekoms's bounty is 330 million. A bounty over 300 million. That's how strong the crews of the Four Emperors are? Will Luffy-san and the others really be alright?
Robin: They're treating us like heroes.
Luffy: There's the Sunny!
Usopp: Franky's there too!
Nami: Looks like the preparations are done.
Chopper: Hey, Franky!
Luffy: It's time!
Narrator: Meanwhile, in the New World, in the waters near the Red Line...
Marine: Urgent report from HQ! Multiple coated ships are rapidly emerging from the sea! Assume combat stations immediately! I repeat! Assume combat stations immediately! Is that... A-A pirate ship?!
Pirate: Fire!
Marine: Hurry!  Another ship emerging at two o'clock! Pirate ships are emerging from the sea, one after another! What's going on here?! You think you'll make her like you by doing that? Shaddup!  Back off!
Pirate: We've finally been freed from Hell!  There's no way...
Marine: Here comes a big one! The captain is in trouble! I'll hold her tight to shield her from harm! No, let me handle that vital mission!
Tashigi: Sheesh! Again?!
Marine: Great!  That's our Captain-chan! Her swordplay is just too beautiful for words! And that isn't the only thing that's beautiful about her!
Tashigi: Take this seriously, all of you! Haven't you been trained to shield yourselves from bombardments?! If you aren't going to show the results of your training now, then when will you?!
Marine: Captain, that's the mast. I finished polishing your glasses!
Tashigi: Thank you.
Marine: She's so cute! The lone flower growing in the filth of G-5! I'd happily die for Captain-chan! Me too!
Tashigi: If you keep fooling around like this in battle... you're going to get yourselves killed immediately! You G-5 soldiers are just hopeless. How can you call yourselves marines?! If you look down on me for being a girl, you'll regret it!
Marine: We don't look down on you! We're just drawn to your cuteness!
Tashigi: That's what I meant by looking down on me! You don't understand what a marine is supposed to-
Smoker: Be quiet, Tashigi. I'm in the middle of an interrogation.
Tashigi: Pardon me!
Smoker: I see.  So you were all captured by the pirate Hody Jones on the ocean floor? That explains why no rookies have made it past Fishman Island in the past month.
Pirate: Captured?!  That's not it, we were his slaves! But a certain pirate crew defeated Hody's group, who were also behind the rebellion, and freed us!
Smoker: A certain pirate crew?
Pirate: I-I can't tell you who they were, but... Y-You dumbass!  Just tell him already! These guys aren't normal marines!  They're G-5! They use pirates as bait to go fishing for sharks, or burn pirates as firewood on their campfires! They're a group of insane maverick marines who don't even obey the orders from HQ! If they arrest us, there's no telling what they'll do to us! And of all people, we had to get caught... by the White Hunter, Smoker!
Marine: Vice-admiral Smoker!  Won't you give these guys to us?
Pirate: P-Please don't! We'll say who it was!  Spare us! The ones who defeated Hody's crew... were the Straw Hat Pirates!
Smoker: I know, idiot.
