Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to reach their next stage, the New World, the Straw Hat Pirates have gone to Fishman Island, located ten thousand meters under the sea. But once there, they found themselves in an all-out war against the New Fishman Pirates, who were consumed by hatred of humanity and plotted to overthrow Ryuuguu Kingdom. After a long, fierce battle, Luffy finally defeated the New Fishman Pirates captain, Hody, and put an end to their schemes.
Luffy: There's the Sunny!
Usopp: Franky's there too!
Nami: Looks like the preparations are done.
Luffy: It's time!
Caimie: Madame Shyarly, Luffy-chin's crew is about to leave.
Shyarly: Are they now?  Go see them off.
Caimie: Sure!
Mermaids: Madame!  Can we go too?
Shyarly: What, you all want to go? Well, I guess I'll have to close the café for a while. That idiot Hody was blocking our customers, but they'll be back soon enough. I hope you'll continue to make the café an enjoyable place to be, girls.
Ishilly: Leave it to us, Madame!
Shyarly: Oh, the crystal ball? Never mind that.  I've had enough. I will never predict the future again. Straw Hat Luffy destroying Fishman Island... I wish I'd never seen that horrible future. It would be for the best if it turns out that the prediction was wrong.
Caimie: She's never been wrong, so she must be more scared than any of us. There's no guarantee that a future she's seen will occur immediately. It could happen a year from now, or it could take even longer. There's no definite proof that she was wrong. But you know, Madame, Luffy-chin and his group would never-
Shyarly: Caimie. Please forgive me for doubting your friends. I understand now.  We can trust him, right? We can trust the Straw Hat boy.
Citizen: This is all for you.  Please accept it!
Franky: Right, thanks!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama, are all of you leaving already? We've only just become friends, at least stay one more day... No, one more week... No, just stay for one more year!
Luffy: You kept crying all the way to the very end, huh, Weak-Hoshi?
Shirahoshi: I-I'm so sorry! I'll stop being such a crybaby.
Sanji: The Mermaid Princess of Fishman Island... is crying because we're leaving! I never thought this day would come!
Mermaid: Sanji-kun!
Sanji: I really wish I could live here for a year!
Brook: I understand what you mean! I've even made a new single about the dreamlike life here on Fishman Island! Waking up with a Good Mor-ningyo!
Sanji: Oh, my dear mermaids!
Zoro: What a fantastic idea. By all means, stay here, Nosebleed-kun.
Sanji: Who did you just call what, Moss-Head?!
Zoro: Who're you calling Moss-Head?!
Right Minister: Your Majesty! We really must tell them... about how the Tamate Box they sent to Big Mom... will explode if it's opened!
Neptune: But... look at them.
Usopp: It's over.  One of the Four Emperors wants us dead.  We're just going to die in the New World.
Chopper: Do you think Big Mom will forgive us if we give her all the treasure we find from now on?
Neptune & Right Minister: I just can't bring myself to tell them... that they've already sent her a bomb!
Neptune: But you know, it's been ten years since you planted those bombs. Isn't there a chance that they may have become duds in that time?
Right Minister: That's right, Your Majesty, think positive! There's a lot of moisture in Ryuuguu Palace, after all! Besides, there's no guarantee that Big Mom will open it herself!
Neptune: Then...
Neptune & Right Minister: Let's pray that things work out!
Robin: What are you two whispering about?
Nami: Huh? What's... this?
Left Minister: A Log Pose used in the New World. Take it with you. Trying to navigate with just a single compass needle... What are we to do with you?
Luffy: What's that?  A new Log Pose? That's so cool!
Nami: It's got three needles!  Why?
Left Minister: Look at the Log you've used up till now.
Nami: It's moving back and forth!  I thought the Log had adjusted itself to another island.
Left Minister: It has.  From now on, the Log will only need half a day to readjust itself. In the previous half of the Grand Line, the Log would adjust itself to the magnetic field of the next island, and you could reliably continue your voyage. But you're entering the second half now, where, in addition to changing sea currents and climate, magnetic fields, the one thing you've been able to rely on until now, fluctuate as well! The magnetic field of some islands might even disappear completely before you reach them!
Nami: What?!  But then we couldn't even reach the island!
Left Minister: That would be a disaster if you only had one compass needle. But what could you do if you had three?
Nami: One of them is shaking like our Log Pose... but the other two seem to be stable.
Left Minister: The three compass needles are all aligned to different islands' magnetic fields. Meaning, you have three different routes and you can choose the one that looks the safest. Your decisions can mean the difference between life and death! Skilled navigators can look at the slight movements of the needles and figure out the safest route. To put it simply, the more unstable the compass needle is... the more dangerous the island it points to. It means that something intense enough to disrupt the island's magnetic field is happening there.
Nami: Huh?!  No way! We're better off not knowing!
Chopper: It can tell how dangerous things are?!
Usopp: We can't!  Destroy that Log Pose!
Left Minister: Why?  If you don't pick the safest route, you might...
Luffy: Let's see...
Usopp: O-Oh crap!
Nami: Noooooooo!
Luffy: That island in the middle with the really shaky needle looks fun!
Usopp: H-H-He heard!
Nami: Luffy, you shut up!  I'll decide the route we'll take!
Luffy: Don't be ridiculous!  I'm the captain!
Usopp & Chopper: Please, Captain!  Listen to what your navigator says!
Sanji: Nami-san is so cute when she's scared! So cute!  So cute!
Brook: The B-side of my single!  "Requiem For Us!"
Franky: Alright, guys!  The preparations are complete! Den-san has taught me how to control our ascent. Shall we go?
Luffy: Alright! Let's go!
Caimie: Luffy-chin!
Pappagg: Straw!
Hachi: I'm helping out with repairing the factory. Will you be alright without a guide?
Luffy: Sure!  Our adventures coming here were fun too.
Usopp: Yeah, that's right!  We don't need a guide! A true man's journey always leads straight into hell!
Chopper: Yeah, that's right!  This is war, you bastards!
Robin: You're beginning to lose it.
Mermaid: Everyone, please come again!
Sanji: I swear I'll return! To the All Blue of my heart!
Zoro: What a cheap dream you have.
Sanji: What?!
Fukaboshi: All I have are words, but I thank you from the bottom of my heart. I will pray that your voyage is a safe one.
Luffy: Thanks!
Manboshi: The next time we meet, we'll be leading the greatest army on the ocean floor! Mambo!
Ryuuboshi: Indeed!  We will rewrite the legend of the great Neptune Knights -mi fa so la ti do!
Luffy: I look forward to it! So, where is he? Ah, there! Jinbe! You got it! Alright, hoist the sails! Time to set sail!
Citizen: Straw Hat!
Chopper: See you later, Fishman Island!
Franky: Alright, let's go!
Citizen: Thank you, Straw Hat! Come back whenever you want, to eat candy and meat! I like humans now! Oh, and raccoon dogs and robots too!
Chopper: I'm not happy at all, you jerks!
Brook: Huh?  What? What about bones?
Caimie: Stay well!  Luffy-chin, everyone!
Hachi: Come back for some more Takoyaki someday!
Pappagg: I love you guys!
The Utterly Indistinguishable Ones: Ready, and... We like bones too!
Brook: Thank you for being so considerate!
Left Minister: Princess!
Shirahoshi: Luffy-sama!
Luffy: Weak-Hoshi!
Sanji: Shirahoshi-chwan!
Shirahoshi: If we can ever... meet again... then I... won't be such a crybaby anymore! Please take me for another fun walk!
Luffy: A walk?  You wanna go visit your mom again?
Shirahoshi: No. This time, I want to go even further! To the real forests above the sea!
Luffy: I see.  You've never left the sea, have you? Okay, sure! The next time we meet, I'll take you there!
Shirahoshi: Promise me!
Luffy: Sure, you got it! It's a promise!
Nami: Hey, Luffy! Doesn't that put some responsibility on us too?
Brook: Luffy-san, promises are something you must keep, even if it kills you!
Nami: Then, Shirahoshi, I promise too!
Shirahoshi: Nami-chin-sama!
Sanji: Me too.
Chopper: And me!
Robin: And me.
Brook: And me.
Usopp: Of course I promise too!
Robin: If we all promise...
Brook: It should be alright.
Straw Hats: It's a promise!
Shirahoshi: E-Everyone...
Luffy: So don't cry any more!
Shirahoshi: Alright!
Neptune: Never forget what they did for us.
Princes: Of course we won't!
Kid: Hey, Daddy! Buy me a straw hat!  I wanna play hero!
Citizen: What?  They only sell those on the surface!
Kid: Then go up there and buy one!
Citizen: Don't be a fool!  The surface is where the terrifying humans who hate fishmen...
Kid: What?
Citizen: Uh, no.  There are guys like him too, after all. Of course, there are plenty of strong, kind-hearted people like Straw Hat up there too! Boss Jinbe!  Perfect timing!
Jinbe: I couldn't help overhearing you. I'll send a merchant ship to get some straw hats.
Citizen: Really?!
Jinbe: Indeed. It's the hat of a hero, after all!
Citizen: Yeah!
Sanji: That was the best! Mermaid Paradise!
Nami: Now, everyone, you'd better quit slacking off! Now that we're out in the sea, there's no safe place anywhere! We're gonna be passing through the dark sea again, after all.
Usopp: What's that, Franky?
Franky: I'm making the ship rise by using these cubes of highly buoyant taolfrepus wood. I can regulate our speed by adjusting how many are out in the water.
Zoro: What is it, Luffy?
Luffy: When we reach the surface... we'll be in the same sea as Shanks! I can't wait to see him!
Shanks: Then... I'll entrust you with this hat. It's my precious hat. Come return it to me some day, when you've become a great pirate!
Ace: I only have... one regret. That I couldn't see you... fulfill your dream. But... I'm sure... you can make it. You're my little brother.
Jinbe: Don't just count everything you've lost! What's gone, is gone! But ask yourself this, what remains?!
Rayleigh: Keep going all the way to the top!
Coby: Luffy-san, do you know what they call the second half of the Grand Line? The final ocean that stretches out on the other side of the Red Line... People call it by another name... The New World!
Luffy: The New World?
Coby: The ocean that beckons those who'll forge a new era. The one who conquers that ocean becomes the Pirate King!
Luffy: Once we make it to the surface... we'll be in the world's strongest sea!
Zoro: Finally!  I'll cut down anything in our way!
Brook: Wait for me, Laboon!  I'm halfway there!
Nami: Sure, I'll take you anywhere!
Franky: That's right!  The Sunny can make it!
Chopper: Nobody has to worry about getting hurt!
Sanji: Eat as much as you want, it won't bother me!
Usopp: There's a warrior of the sea on this ship!
Luffy: Let's go! You guys! To the New World!
Straw Hats: Aye!
