Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! After bidding farewell to Fishman Island, the Straw Hats finally reached the New World. Now they find themselves in a devilish region called the waters of Mobedumule. In those waters, they met a giant girl who's eaten the Mini Mini Fruit.
Lily: I'm Lily Enstomach.  People call me Lily the Glutton. I can eat tons! I overheard that the ship daddy is on will be passing by here soon!
Brook: Meaning, the Navy is headed here?!
Usopp: If we end up bumping into them, we'll be in serious trouble!
Lily: Yeah.  But I will definitely... save daddy! Before they take him to Impel Down, I must... take daddy back, right here!
Luffy: Let me help you! I'd like to try that Heaven-food that only your dad can make!
Narrator: The crew decided to help free her father, Panz Fry, from a Navy ship convoy... but a mysterious group calling themselves the Neo-Navy are after her father's life.
Shuzo: I have received word... that the convoy ship carrying the great pirate Panz Fry will be passing by the waters of Mobedumule soon!
Luffy: It's the Navy!
Lily: That's daddy!
Luffy: Him, huh?
Franky: They brought four warships just to transport a single pirate? Your dad must be one hell of a big shot.
Lily: Daddy.
Robin: But is that the only reason? This level of security is unusual, but what's even more unusual is that they choose this dangerous route to Impel Down.
Luffy: Right!  Then let's charge in!
Nami: Why would we do that?!  Don't be ridiculous! Listen up! Freeing Lily's father is our main objective this time. If we just charge in blindly, Lily's father might get hurt too!
Usopp: That's right, Luffy!  If anything happens to her father, we won't get any of the heavenly volcano cooking!
Luffy: Then what should we do?
Nami: Will you let me handle the plan to break him out? Well?
Lily: Please do, Nami-san!
Nami: Mm! That settles it! First off, we'll have a group that acts as a diversion. You'll take the Mini Merry, distract the enemy from a distance... and act as backup for the infiltration group. The driver for this group will be Chopper. Luffy, Robin and Brook will go with him.
Luffy: A diversion?!  So, can I kick their asses?
Nami: No! Robin and Brook will be the ones actually diverting the Navy's attention. If things don't go as planned then you're just our very, very, very last backup. Until then, you won't be taking part in the attack!
Luffy: Booo!
Nami: Next up, the infiltration group. You will use the Shark Submerge to get onto the raft without the Navy noticing you. Your job is to cut the chains and free Lily's father. For this job... Zoro, Sanji-kun...
Sanji: Leave it to me!
Nami: ...Usopp, and Lily. I'll be counting on you.
Lily: Sure!
Luffy: Their group sounds like more fun.
Nami: Remember what our primary goal is, how do we free her giant father safely?
Usopp: Yeah, he's really big so he'll be easy to spot.
Nami: I'd like to steal a warship, but it would require too much time and effort. The best option seems to be cutting his chains, then using the Coup de Burst to get him out of here. Franky, you stay on the Sunny and keep it out of sight. And don't forget to keep the Coup de Burst ready.
Franky: Got it!
Usopp: So, what about you, Nami?
Nami: Me? I'll keep an eye on the enemy using the White Rocking Horse, and I'll be giving orders during the operation. And I want you all to remember that we're in the waters of Mobedumule. Watch out for sudden weather changes. Alright, commence the operation!
Crew: Aye!
Robin: Come to think of it, everyone in this group has Devil Fruit powers.
Brook: You're right!
Robin: If we fall into the ocean, we're dead. I hope we don't drown and get ripped to shreds by sharks.
Chopper: Robin, you're scary!
Nami: Since this rescue operation is taking place on the open sea... I decided to play it safe and keep all the Devil Fruit users except Lily in the diversion group! See ya later! Huh?  What about Luffy? I'm sure I told him to get on the Mini Merry.
Robin: He got on the Shark Submerge earlier.
Nami: What?
Usopp: Well... He said the diversion group sounded boring, so he forced us to take him along.
Nami: Huh?!
Luffy: Lily, I'm looking forward to meeting your dad!
Lily: Me too!
Nami: How selfish can he get?! Hey Luffy, are you listening?! You absolutely can't go onto the raft! You'll ruin the whole rescue operation!
Luffy: Gotcha!
Usopp: By the way Lily, are you and your dad from Elbaf?
Lily: Usopp-san, ya know about Elbaf?
Usopp: Of course I know about it! The brave warriors of the sea Dorry and Broggy, are good friends of ours!
Lily: What?!  Ya met those legendary chiefs?
Luffy: We sure have!
Lily: I don't believe it!  Even I ain't never met them, and they were friends with Daddy when they were kids!
Luffy: Really?!
Lily: Yeah!  He talked about 'em all the time.
Robin: Sounds like things are pretty lively down there.
Brook: We can't let them outshine us!  Let's have fun here too!
Chopper: Yay!
Brook: Title: Let's go to the Rescue! Go, go, let's go! Come on, heading for the unpleasant seas!
Nami: Be quiet!
Chopper: She got mad at us, Brook!
Brook: Sorry!  Sorry!
Panz Fry: Don't get in my way! Move it!
Momonga: A pirate attacking a Navy vessel head-on and boarding it is unheard of! Why would you do that?
Panz Fry: I just wanted to take back what was stolen! Ever since you marines killed Whitebeard, the New World has descended into chaos. One of your government ships stopped at an island that was in bad shape. The people there were scraping by, never knowing whether or not they'd have enough to eat. And yet, that ship took what little they had left without considering what would happen to them. Just so the World Nobles can have banquets every night! I'm a chef! I'm fated to fill the stomachs of the hungry!
Momonga: So, you boarded us to steal our food? You pirates are the reason why so many islands have it rough! Don't make the problem worse!
Panz Fry: I see that no matter where I go, you and I will never see eye to eye. We can never coexist peacefully!
Momonga: So it would seem. Someone has launched several surprise attacks on pirate ships out here. As long as we have a pirate with us, we are at risk as well. Stay alert!  If you see anything moving out on the sea, shoot it down without hesitation!
Marine: Yes, Sir!
Nami: Is everyone ready?
Robin: Ready when you are.
Usopp: We're in position and good to go!
Lily: I wanna thank y'all! If I'd been by myself, I ain't even sure I could've made it aboard the ships.
Zoro: Don't thank us now.  We haven't gotten him back yet.
Luffy: He's right.
Nami: Okay, here we go!
Robin: Roger that!
Brook: I shall assist you.
Marine: W-What's happening?! Th-There's a ghost!
Brook: I am no ghost! I am a soul!
Momonga: What's going on?!
Nami: Now!  Begin the infiltration!
Usopp: Roger! Go!
Brook: Sanji-san, nicely done!
Nami: Good.  Phase one is a success!
Luffy: I can't see your face like this.
Momonga: You're...
Marine: It's Straw Hat Luffy!
Luffy: Heya, Old Frypan!
Lily: D-Daddy.
Panz Fry: Lily!
Zoro: Hey, Luffy.  I've cut the chains.
Marine: The Pirate Hunter, Zoro! Straw Hat isn't alone!  And that's... Who is that?
Sanji: I'm Sanji!  Sanji from the Straw Hat Pirates!
Marine: Where did they come from?!
Nami: Now he's done it... But I thought this might happen since Luffy boarded the Shark Submerge. Franky, get over here quickly!  Change of plans! We'll give up on taking the raft, just tie her father to the ship and take off!
Franky: Roger!
Luffy: Lily, go!
Lily: Alright!
Momonga: Straw Hat! You won't get away this time!
Luffy: That was close!
Zoro: A vice-admiral, huh?
Luffy: Yeah, he's pretty strong.
Zoro: Is that so?
Sanji: I guess there's no way to avoid a direct fight now.
Lily: Daddy!
Panz Fry: Lily, you're safe?!
Lily: Yeah!  Daddy, I missed ya! Daddy!
Nami: You gotta be kidding me!  What is it now?!
Luffy: Are you alright?!
Momonga: What?!
Marine: Damage report!
Shuzo: This is just a little greeting. Let's ascend, and take them out in one fell swoop!
Neo-Marine: Yes, Sir!
Marine: The hull's been breached, we're taking on water! Where is the enemy ship?! We haven't been able to pinpoint their location! Try to estimate their position from the direction of their torpedoes.  And then bombard that area! Yes, Sir!
Shuzo: Get ready to fire!  Go, Alpaccachino!
Momonga: Is this the group that's been attacking pirates?! What do they think they're doing, attacking the Navy?!
Luffy: Hey, Pops!  Hang in there!
Panz Fry: I'm fine!  What about Lily?
Lily: Daddy, I'm right here!
Luffy: More cannon fire?
Shuzo: You're in my way!
Luffy: A human?!
Shuzo: Move it!
Lily: Luffy-sa!
Zoro: Damn it!
Nami: Usopp!  Luffy fell into the sea!
Usopp: What?!  I got it!
Shuzo: This is an unexpected annoyance. Who was that?
Momonga: You're... Shuzo?!
Shuzo: Oh?  A familiar face! I didn't expect you to be here, Momonga! If I recall correctly, you're a vice-admiral now?
Momonga: Don't tell me... You're responsible for all the attacks on the pirates?!
Shuzo: Indeed! I'll be taking this guy's head too!
Momonga: Not happening!
Shuzo: Take a look around you! You'd better just hand him over quietly. If you don't...
Momonga: Why... You used to be a respectable marine, so why do this?!
Shuzo: You wanna know why? Then I'll tell you! We, the Neo-Navy, grieve over the current state of the New World. We are a group of people united in our goal to kill every pirate in the New World! It's simply absurd to let criminals live and take them to Impel Down! In the name of Z-sensei, we will crush the pirate Panz Fry right here!
Momonga: Did you just say Z?!
Neo-Marine: You can't tell him that, Shuzo-san!
Shuzo: Oh, that's right! Well, it doesn't matter. Whether you know our secret or not... all you marines are going to die here as well!
Lily: What did ya do to Daddy and Luffy-sa?!
Sanji: Lily-chan! What are Luffy and that idiot swordsman doing?!
Shuzo: Who is this, now?!
Lily: Who am I?! I'm the daughter of Panz Fry, Lily Enstomach!
Shuzo: You're a pirate too?  Then die!
Sanji: Lily-chan!
Shuzo: Another nuisance... They just keep coming!
Sanji: To think that you'd harm a lady... You're a damn despicable bastard! You...
Shuzo: You...
Both: Who the hell are you?!
Neo-Marine: Shuzo-san, he's probably... Black Leg Sanji from the Straw Hat Pirates! He looks different from his wanted poster... maybe he changed his face?
Sanji: I did not!
Shuzo: A pirate?  What's his bounty?
Neo-Marine: Seventy-seven million!
Shuzo: Just small fry, huh?
Sanji: What did you just call me?!
Shuzo: But he's still a pirate. Send all of them to the bottom of the sea!
Neo-Marine: Yes, Sir!
Brook: This is awful!
Sanji: Not good!  Lily-chan, you have to shrink for now!
Lily: Right!
Momonga: I do not want to protect pirates... but I will not let you do as you please. These ships are under the Navy's command!
Sanji: I see... For a marine, you're pretty reasonable!
Shuzo: Pirates are praising you. This is what the Navy has come to! You should be ashamed!
Momonga: Be silent, you traitor!
Luffy: Pirates?  The Navy? Quit your yapping!
Momonga: Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't let anyone take Pops's heavenly food!
Neo-Marine: That one has a 400 million beli bounty! It's the pirate Straw Hat Luffy!
Shuzo: Oh?  400 million, you say? Excellent.  I'll crush you too!
