Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle on Fishman Island, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors. In a devilish region called the waters of Mobedumule, they met Lily, a giant girl who's eaten the Mini Mini Fruit. Luffy and the others tried to help Lily free her father, who was being transported by a Navy ship convoy... but a mysterious organization calling themselves the Neo-Navy were also after her father's life.
Shuzo: Let's ascend, and take them out in one fell swoop!
Neo-Marine: Yes, Sir!
Momonga: You're responsible for all the attacks on the pirates?!
Shuzo: Indeed! I'll be taking this guy's head too!
Narrator: A three-sided battle between the Straw Hats, the Navy and the Neo-Navy grew intense.
Shuzo: Do you really believe I'll let myself be beaten by you miserable pirates?!
Narrator: Luffy finally defeated the powerful Shuzo. However, the Straw Hats are still only at the entrance to the New World.
Luffy: Now, let's go!
Straw Hats: Yeah!
Luffy: Go!
Usopp: Hey, hey!
Brook: Wait a second!  What going to happen to us?!
Franky: This is no problem for the Sunny!
Luffy: Yahoo!
Zoro: What's that?
Nami: What?!  Impossible!
Robin: A red sea?
Luffy: Look!  A volcanic eruption! Let's drop anchor at that island!
Straw Hats: Whaaaat?!
Nami: Wait, Luffy! I knew it... None of the Log Pose's needles point to that island!
Luffy: Let's go to that island!
Nami: I told you, wait!
Luffy: What're you talking about?! Those are volcanoes!  Volcanoes! Doesn't it look fun?! Why wouldn't we go?!
Nami: Listen up, Luffy! None of the three compass needles point to that island! It's an anomaly, even in the abnormal New World!
Luffy: Another eruption! We can see it right there! Who cares about the needles? We're dropping anchor, no matter what you say!
Nami: No way!  We can't get any closer than this! I mean, it's a sea of fire! I don't get you!
Sanji: Perfect.
Usopp: Oh, isn't that the giant shellfish we got from Panz Fry?
Sanji: I was just thinking, since this sea's on fire, it'd be a waste not to take the chance to cook this.
Chopper: Sanji!  How can you be so relaxed?!
Usopp: Huh?!
Robin: The fire...
Usopp: It's only a matter of time before the ship catches fire!
Franky: No! The Sunny is super-fireproof!
Nami: Even if it shouldn't burn, there's something wrong with this sea! Look, the fish are nothing but bones!  Bones!  Bones!
Brook: What?  Did you call me?
Usopp: W-What's that?!
Luffy: Hey, what's this? The Snail Phone is crying. Hey, what's wrong?!  Does your stomach hurt?
Sanji: You idiot, that's an emergency signal. Someone's calling for help.
Luffy: So, if I pick up the phone, we can communicate with them?
Robin: Wait, Luffy!  Less than fifty percent of emergency signals are real! The Navy uses this kind of trap all the time, so that's probably what this is! If you pick it up and they've got the line bugged, then they'll know we're in the area!
Usopp: Good point, Robin! Listen, Luffy, we ought to think this through carefully bef-
Luffy: Hello?  My name is Monkey D. Luffy! I'm the man who's gonna be the Pirate King!
Usopp: You answered too soon, and you're saying too much!
Voice: Please, help me!
Luffy: What's wrong?!
Voice: It's freezing... Is that you, boss?
Luffy: No, I'm not your boss. It's cold, you say?
Voice: My companions keep getting cut down. The samurai's gonna kill us all!
Zoro: Samurai?
Luffy: Hey, what's your name?! Where are you?!
Voice: It doesn't matter who I am, just save me. I'm on... Punk Hazard!
Usopp & Chopper: He was killed!
Brook: I-Is this...
Luffy: I suspect foul play.
Usopp: Of course it's foul play!  He was just murdered!
Chopper: The New World is scary!
Robin: He could have been acting.  It still might be a trap.
Brook: She keeps her composure! C'mon, Robin-san!
Zoro: He said samurai, Brook. Yes, it must be one of those samurai... The name of the swordsmen from the Wano Kingdom.
Brook: The Wano Kingdom is an isolated nation, which never lets outsiders enter. It doesn't even have any ties to the World Government. Apparently the swordsmen called samurai are so strong, even the Navy won't approach them.
Ryuuma: The Named Sword Shuusui, once wielded by a legendary samurai. If you are its master, this blade should be satisfied. How frustrating, that this samurai body should fall.
Usopp: A kingdom like that exists?
Franky: But he said he was in Punk Hazard, not the Wano Kingdom. Did he mean that flaming island?
Robin: If he was using a Baby Snail Phone, then that island is the only one within range.
Luffy: Alright!  Let's go save that guy!
Nami: No!
Usopp: Luffy, think about it! Chances are, we're already too late!
Chopper: Samurai are scary!
Brook: I'm scared too!
Luffy: Hey, what's your name?! Where are you?!
Voice: It doesn't matter who I am, just save me. I'm on... Punk Hazard!
Tashigi: Smoker-san, wasn't that...
Smoker: Did he say Punk Hazard? Damn it!  What route did they take?! First there was the incident on Fishman Island, then the uproar after that... and if I project their route from that point... Punk Hazard, huh?  Makes sense.
Pirate: P-Please stop!  I'll do anything! I'll do whatever you ask me to do!
Marine: We want you to burn!
Pirate: Hot!
Tashigi: Stop it, you brutes!  Stop torturing the pirates!
Smoker: Tashigi!  We're heading for Punk Hazard.
Tashigi: But Smoker-san, Punk Hazard... has been uninhabited since it was sealed off after the incident four years ago! It makes no sense for people to be there!
Smoker: True, it shouldn't be possible for any creatures to live there. But it's worth a look, regardless. We're setting sail for Punk Hazard!
Marine: Huh?  But Vice-Admiral Smoker... That place is forbidden.  Don't you know that?
Smoker: Don't try to tell to me about the rules, scum!
Marine: Right!
Sanji: So, who's going to the island? As long as we have doubts that what we heard on the Snail Phone is real... we shouldn't all leave the ship.
Luffy: Franky, send out the Mini Merry!
Franky: Sure!
Nami: Wait a second!  Are you planning to go alone?
Luffy: You got a problem with that?
Nami: Of course I do!  Who knows where you'll run off to if we leave you alone!
Luffy: Huh?!
Sanji: Okay then!  We'll need someone other than Little Lost Swordsies here to accompany him.
Zoro: And what's that supposed to mean?! I'm gonna slice you up, Perverted Cook!
Franky: Accompany him?  I'm in!
Robin: It sounds fun.
Usopp: I-Is it okay if we sit this one out?
Nami: I guess there's no helping it. Let's draw straws! Nobody has any complaints about that, right?
Zoro: What a pain... I'm going even if I draw a miss.
Chopper: Zoro!  If I win, please switch places with me!
Usopp: They say the last one has the most luck! I put all the luck of my life into this straw! &#&¤%!!
Sanji: That settles it.  The ones who'll go are...
Zoro: Us.
Robin: How exciting.
Usopp: How depressing.
Sanji: Oh, you won?  Lucky you!
Usopp: No, I lost!  Someone trade with me!
Sanji: Here, have my special giant shellfish lunchbox.
Luffy: Can't wait to taste it! Awesome!  She made a pathway of clouds! You've learned to make that stuff that they used back on Sky Island?
Nami: It's just clouds, so you'd better cross it while it's still stable.
Luffy: Got it! Alright! Here goes the scouting party! We're counting on you, Mini Merry!
Chopper: Hang in there, you all!
Franky: You're so lucky at drawing straws!
Sanji: We'll be able to go later.
Brook: Take care!
Nami: Usopp, good luck!
Usopp: Trade places with me!
Luffy: This giant shellfish is delicious!
Usopp: Hey, why are you eating that already?!
Luffy: Oh, we've climbed above the flames!  This is fun! Now we can get past the sea of fire!
Usopp: Will these clouds last until we head back?
Luffy: Good thing the rain stopped.
Robin: Perfect weather for scouting.
Usopp: But it's so hot!
Brook: Nami-san, does that cloud reach all the way to the island?
Nami: I don't know. But I'm sure Luffy will manage, somehow.
Brook: Nami-san, that's so harsh!
Chopper: I'm so glad I didn't have to accompany Luffy. I can't stand the heat!
Nami: I couldn't let him go alone, after all. They'll come back once they see that there's nothing there!
Franky: You've thought this through, huh?
Sanji: I'll make a cold dessert out of the giant shellfish for our kind Nami-san right now!
Franky & Brook: Yay!  Yay!
Sanji: You're planning to eat it too?!
Franky: Yup!
Brook: We'll eat it!
Luffy: Oh, I can see the erupting island! See?  That's definitely the entrance!
Usopp: Now listen, people might have lived here before... but there's no way they could live here now! The Snail Phone must have picked up a transmission from some distant island! Right, Robin?
Robin: It doesn't look pretty, but this is surprisingly tasty.
Usopp: You too?!  Why are you eating it now?!
Zoro: You're not gonna eat?
Usopp: I couldn't swallow anything right now!
Robin: Luffy, do you want some more?
Luffy: Sure!
Robin: Here.
Luffy: It really is tasty!
Robin: Sanji-kun has gotten even better.
Usopp: Ah, I'm having an unexpected relapse of my disease from two years ago! Hey, you guys... Honest, I've got the "I can't enter that island"-disease!
Zoro & Robin & Luffy: I know.
Usopp: Ah!  A sudden headache! My chest's starting to hurt too! My stomach hurts! It's so hot.
Robin: No doubt about it.  This is the right place.
Usopp: This is Punk Hazard?
Luffy: Let's get the Merry onto the island.
Zoro: So the emergency signal came from this place after all?
Robin: Looks like it's forbidden to enter this island.
Usopp: Luffy, look at that!
Luffy: Danger... Keep out?
Usopp: See?  The logos of the World Government and Navy are here! Meaning, even if someone is inside, it'll be someone on the Government's side! This was a waste of time.  Let's go back! H-Hey, Zoro, what are you doing? You're not...
Luffy: Alright, it's open!
Usopp: It's open...
Luffy: Ah, it's so hot.
Usopp: Hey, you guys! Breaking and entering is a crime, you know! Oh wait, pirates are criminals. Don't blame me if you end up in a fight with the World Government! Oh wait, we already did that. H-Hey, wait!
Luffy: It's so hot... But, anyway...
Zoro: This whole place is on fire.
Robin: It doesn't look like this was always a burning island. Was it some kind of disaster?  Or an accident?
Usopp: W-W-Wa... L-Luffy! Not good! Hey, Luffy!
Robin: Those probably weren't people's houses. This must have been a government facility.
Zoro: So was this place sealed off after it caught fire and became too dangerous? Or was it a dangerous facility to begin with?
Robin: The fact that the Log Pose doesn't point to this island bothers me.
Luffy: Hey! Guy from earlier, are you here?! We've come to save you! Hey! Come out! Samurai!
Usopp: Don't call the murderer!
Zoro: Did your appetite return?
Usopp: Shut it!  I'm drowning my sorrows! Oh yeah, and this has been bothering me for a while... The guy on the Snail Phone said he was freezing, right?
Voice: It's freezing... Is that you, boss?
Luffy: You've got a point. It's so hot here, yet he said it was cold. Maybe he was an idiot?
Usopp: What kind of reasoning is that?!
Robin: Could there be any cold places on this burning island? Or did he mean that he was so scared that he was getting the chills?
Usopp: Robin, stop saying such scary stuff! What's that? What on earth is that sound?!
Luffy: That's...
Chopper: This is delicious, Sanji! I thought I was gonna melt in this heat! This helps me cool down!
Brook: I feel a sharp pain in my teeth! Perhaps I have hypersensitivity?
Sanji: Remember that those are just Nami-san's leftovers! You'd better be grateful! Nami-san, you get as many refills as you want!
Franky: Nami, is something wrong?
Nami: Well, the clouds... The sky above this island is really weird, now that I take a closer look at it. It almost looks arctic on the far side.
Franky: That's impossible!
Usopp: A giant!
Luffy: No. This is way bigger than a giant!
Robin: It must have been the wind.
Usopp: What's wrong, Luffy?
Robin: Is that...
Luffy: W-What?!  D-Do these things really exist?!
Zoro: No, they're fictional creatures! How could they exist for real?!
Robin: But just look at it! What else could you call it?
Group: A dragon?!
