Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors.
Luffy: I tore him in half!  Sorry!
Usopp: Idiot, you think apologizing will fix this?! You've killed him!
Narrator: They encountered a mysterious man with no upper body.
Luffy: I'm a centaur! This is awesome!
Narrator: Meanwhile, Nami and the others had been confined in a mysterious facility.
Kinemon: These are all bits of my face. Forgive me, but could you put them back together for me? I feel some slight discomfort in my jaw and forehead, but very well. I thank you!
Straw Hats: A detached head is talking!
Kinemon: Now you notice?!
Centaur: I've found you, intruders!
Luffy & Centaur: You... Those... legs are... so awesome!
Monet: Hello?  Did you find them?
Man: Yeah, I did.  I'm about to take them out. Four intruders.
Monet: I see. How exciting. Be careful, now.
Man: Roger that.
Title: Shock! The Island's Secret is Finally Revealed
Sanji: You were cut down by the enemy,
Chopper: and you're still alive, even as just a head? How?!  I don't get it!
Nami: He's like Buggy!  How strange.
Kinemon: I wish I could slice open my belly and let my body decay, but there are things I must do, even if my greatest failure must be known!
Nami: By the way, you... Do you know where we are?
Kinemon: "You"?! How dare a female address me, a warrior, in such an informal manner?! Women shall walk three steps behind men and address them with a modest grace!
Nami: What was that, you bastard? You've got some nerve, for a severed head! You're talking to the ones who put your head back together!
Kinemon: C-Cease this violence!
Nami: You're still talking?!
Kinemon: Cease this, woman! What kind of country do women like this come from? So rude and self-centered... However, you must be deeply grieved  to have been robbed down to your underwear. I offer my sympathy.
Nami: I haven't been stripped!
Kinemon: What?!
Nami: This is just fashion!
Kinemon: How lewd!  That is nothing but a breast-band, is it not?!
Nami: What, you don't like it?
Kinemon: I daresay I do.
Sanji: Why, you... Those lecherous eyes!
Kinemon: It is a trap, it is!
Chopper: I think his skull's been cracked!  Doesn't it hurt?
Kinemon: It hurts... It hur... It hurts not! It is... merely itchy!
Chopper & Franky: He's acting tough!
Kinemon: I see, so women from other countries wear only breast-bands? In that case, I quite like it.
Nami: Stop calling it a "breast-band"!
Kinemon: Incidentally, who are you people? I heard that you were dragged here from your ship.
Sanji: We're pirates.
Kinemon: Pirates?! You people are pirates?! That explains your savagery! I loathe pirates.  They make me vomit! I thought that perhaps it was fate that brought us to this island of ice at the same time, and that maybe we could escape together. But regrettably, since you are pirates,
Franky: Hey, wait a second. What do you mean "island of ice"? This is a burning island, isn't it?
Chopper: Yeah, that's right!  It's a scorching hot island where even the ocean is on fire!
Nami: No, wait. You... said that this is an island of ice, right? Haven't you heard the volcanic eruptions?
Kinemon: I have heard the sound of explosions from time to time, but I came to this island via a sea of ice floes. Cease talking to me, you abominable pirates!
Nami: So the winter sky I saw from the ship... was real after all. The burning island Luffy and the others went to is an arctic island from the other side. Basically, we've been taken to the arctic side! Though if we want to know who brought us here, and why, we'll have to get out of this room and see for ourselves.
Sanji: But Nami-san, the door is solid.   It doesn't look like we'll be able to...
Franky: Out of my way! I've got a full tank of cola!
Sanji: Hey!  Hey, hey, wait a second!
Franky: It's open.  Let's get out.
Sanji: I see that weird body isn't just for show.
Chopper: I wanna shoot beams too!
Nami: Though not all of his robot parts are so useful.
Sanji: So what are you gonna do? You'd want to escape with us if we weren't pirates, right?
Kinemon: Silence!  Be on your way, pirate!
Sanji: There's no way for you to escape alone without a body.
Kinemon: What are you doing?!
Sanji: Am I right, samurai of the Wano Kingdom?!
Chopper: He's a samurai?!
Sanji: This topknot is a hairstyle unique to the Wano Kingdom.
Chopper: Does that mean that the murderous samurai they mentioned on the Snail-Phone was him?! Scary!
Man: I heard a blast from over here! Hurry! Could it be the pirates we captured?
Franky: They've already noticed us?
Nami: Sanji-kun, hurry!  They're coming for us!
Sanji: We came here after receiving an emergency signal from someone you attacked, samurai!
Chopper: Sanji, let's hurry! Just leave that scary samurai behind!
Kinemon: I would never bring dishonor upon myself by committing murder! I came to this island to rescue my son! I will kill all who get in my way!
Man: There they are! Fire!  Don't let them get away!
Franky: Stop right there!  I'll take you on!
Man: How did they get out?! Contact Master immediately!
Sanji: Who are they?!
Nami: Sanji-kun!
Chopper: You brought him with you?! He's dangerous!
Sanji: You can blame me if anything happens! There's a door!
Mocha: Who are you?
Chopper: What?!
Sanji: Gigantic... children?
Kinemon: C-Children?!
Nami: What's going on here?!
Franky: It's full of kids.  What is this place?
Luffy: I see, so your friends all have cool back legs like these? I wanna meet them!
Centaur: Indeed!  I'm sure everyone will be impressed once they see your back legs! Come meet them!
Luffy: Alright!  Leotaur, as a symbol of our friendship, let's have a race to that burning tower! Ready...  Go!
Zoro: They've become best friends already.
Usopp: What?!  Nami and the others are gone?! You mean you're alone?! And when you woke up, there was snow and ice all around you?
Brook: Indeed! I was so surprised!  I felt like a bone in a thunderstorm! Huh? No wait, like thunder in a duckstorm... No, a duck in a bonestorm? Well, whatever! Ah, pardon me!
Usopp: Were they trying to steal the cargo on the Sunny?  Who were they?
Brook: Well, I really don't...
Man: F-Fire!  Shoot him!
Brook: What?!  P-Please wait a second, gentlemen! You can't just...
Man: He vanished?! Where is he?  Where did he go?!
Brook: Honestly!  If you had some business here, I was willing to discuss it over tea...
Man: So there you are!
Brook: ...however, you have already been cut. By the way, who are you fellows? So basically... I took them out before I got a chance to ask. They all appear to be wearing some kind of gas masks.
Robin: Gas masks?  Perhaps they used some sort of sleeping gas? And then those people took the Sunny to the opposite side of the island.
Luffy: Dammit, I lost! You sure are fast!
Centaur: You did quite well yourself!
Luffy: Alright, let's go again!
Centaur: No matter how many times you try- Hello? What are you goofing around for? Well, I just can't find them. Are there really intruders here? All I've found are a funny guy with talking hind-legs and his group. He is the intruder!
Luffy: Come on!  Let's keep going!
Brook: Where are Nami-san and the others?
Robin: Since they didn't leave behind a message,  it seems likely they were taken somewhere.
Usopp: I get it!  Since you're a skeleton, they must have assumed you were just a corpse!
Brook: I see, so that's why I was left behind!  Such luck!
Robin: The enemy thinks they've captured all of us. Are there any buildings or traces of people nearby?
Brook: Oh, Robin-san, your reasoning is so sharp.  It's like you can see everything! There is... a building. A truly massive one! It doesn't look like a restaurant.
Robin: Brook, we're hurrying over there, so wait for us.
Brook: Roger that! Ah, Robin-san? When you get here, may I see your-
Zoro: Is our enemy someone from the Government?
Usopp: Who knows?  Let's hope they're at least human. I mean, so far we've seen... a fire-breathing dragon, a half-man, and a bird-lady! And then there's that centaur Luffy just befr-
Centaur: Now listen here!
Luffy: What?!  What's gotten into you?! You...
Centaur: I let my guard down.  I thought you were on my side.
Luffy: Why can't I be? We're already friends, so don't attack me!
Centaur: Die, intruder!
Robin: There's another one!
Luffy: Who are you?
Zoro: A leopard and a giraffe, huh?
Luffy: Looks like there are all kinds of centaurs.  How fun!
Usopp: They're fictional horses!   Their very existence is bizarre!
Robin: What happened?
Luffy: He just suddenly attacked me! It looked like he was talking to someone.
Usopp: Look at this Baby Snail-Phone!  It's got "CC" written on it! They're not wild centaurs. It must be some sort of organization!
Zoro: CC?
Luffy: An enemy?
Usopp: In any case, even if we do return to the fiery ocean, the Sunny won't be there. We've got no choice but to head for the arctic lands. Nami, Sanji, Franky and Chopper have all gone missing!
Robin: They've most likely been kidnapped. I just hope they haven't been shot full of holes by a rifle.
Usopp: Cut that out!
Zoro: It'd have been faster if we just dropped anchor on the other side of the island!
Luffy: But then we wouldn't have been able to eat that dragon meat or meet Legson!
Zoro: Who's Legson?
Luffy: Oh, that's my back legs' name!
Kinemon: Poooh- Something seems to have happened again -poooh! What is going on -poooh?!
Zoro: So what do we do, Luffy?
Luffy: If we go to the other side of the island,  we can save the guys who were kidnapped, right? It goes without saying!
Usopp: Alright, let's go!  We're changing our objective! Head for the frozen lands to rescue our crewmates!
Robin: I wonder if anyone will be selling winter clothing along the way.
Usopp: If we go there dressed like this, we'll seriously die. What do we do?
Ceasar: I see.  This door can absorb any impact, and yet...
Man: Master!
Ceasar: ...there are burn-marks. Just who are those people? I thought he was the only one with the technology to make lasers. This reminds me of that despicable Vegapunk's Pacifista! You still haven't captured the escapees?
Man: They should have them cornered in the Biscuit Room by now.
Ceasar: The Biscuit Room?
Man: Master, are you there?!
Ceasar: Yes, I am here.
Man: A warship from G-5 is approaching the Northwest side of the island!
Ceasar: A warship?!  Drive it off at any cost! Release a large volume of poison gas! Just don't kill them.  If you do, the Government might figure out what we're up to.
Man: Yes, Sir!
Tashigi: Vice-admiral Smoker!  We can't!
Marine: C-Can't breathe! Gas is still leaking out!
Tashigi: Be careful!  Even a single breath of this gas is dangerous! Put gas masks on, quickly! Punk Hazard is a terrible island.
Marine: Ever since that damn Vegapunk's weapon experiments failed four years ago... the whole island's gone rotten! More importantly, I can't see Straw Hat Luffy's pirate ship anywhere! There's no way anyone would come ashore with this much poisonous gas around.
Smoker: No. It's unnatural for there to be this much gas.
Tashigi: What do you mean?
Smoker: Two years ago, this was just a deserted island, with no fire or ice on it. Surprisingly enough, most of the toxic materials had dissipated by then. That's why Akainu and Aokiji... chose Punk Hazard... as the site of their duel. A battle fierce enough to alter the climate!
Narrator: Sanji and the others encounter a mysterious group of boisterous children. During the relentless attack by Master's subordinates, the children begin to speak of an astonishing truth! Hearing their desperate pleas,  Nami makes a decision for the entire crew!
Luffy: Next time, on One Piece: Save the Children! The Crew's Battle Begins. I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
