Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors.
Sind: Save us!
Nami: What does he mean?
Mocha: Please, help us!
Kid: Please!
Narrator: Nami's group had been captured by an unknown group and trapped in a mysterious facility, where they encountered some mysterious children.
Nami: Let's help these children!
Sanji: What are you saying, Nami-san?!  There's no reason to do that! We only just met them,  and we don't know what's going on here! It's not like we're a charity that rescues children!
Nami: You think I don't know that? But when children are crying for me to save them... how can I turn my back on them?!
Luffy: Alright! Cast off!
Centaur: You won't get away. Wait, you bastards!
Usopp: Look out!
Zoro: It's the centaur from before!
Centaur: Boss! The intruders are heading your way!  Please take care of them!
Zoro: Is that his boss?
Brownbeard: One of them is carrying a sword. Is that the... samurai who cut down our comrades?
Brook: Snow!  Snow!  Snow! Playing in the snow is so much fun! Ta-daah!  Snowmen! It looks like me! Hmm? W-W-Wait! Just what... Whaaaat?!
Title: A Duel of Swordsmanship Brook VS Mysterious Torso-Samurai
Marine: This wall of ice stretches as far as the eye can see. Even though we're protected from the gas, it doesn't mean anything if we can't get to shore.
Smoker: Don't give up yet.  Continue circling the island.
Marine: We're wasting our time, I say! A volcanic eruption?! Visiting this island... makes me feel like Akainu and Aokiji are glaring at me! Scary! Let's just leave!
Smoker: Stop the ship.
Marine: What is it?
Smoker: Over there.
Tashigi: Prepare the cannons! Fire, please.
Marine: That barely scratched the surface. A river! Hey, that was amazing, Smokey! Incredible!  How did you know there was a river behind the ice, Smokey?! You really are great, Smokey! I didn't notice anything at all, Smokey!
Smoker: It was obvious to anyone watching the water currents! You lack basic observation. Also, don't be so familiar!
Tashigi: But this creates a question.
Smoker: It does. The issue isn't that there's a river here... We should be asking, was the ice blocking this current natural... or was it placed intentionally?
Marine: You mean... someone might have hidden it on purpose? You're saying that someone might live on this island, in this gas cloud?! No way!  They'd have to wear masks all the time!
Tashigi: The voice we heard in the transmission definitely said the name of this island.
Marine: We must have heard wrong, Tashigi-chan! Even Snail Phones would die in a place like this! You got that right!
Tashigi: If you've got time to laugh,  then you've got time to clear the next ice wall!
Marine: What the hell is that?! A wall of ice!
Tashigi: If we crash into that, the entire ship will sink!
Marine: This is not good! Smash it! Fire!
Robin: They're...
Centaur: Boss!  I leave the rest to you!
Brownbeard: Prepare yourselves! I, Brownbeard-sama, will send you straight to hell!
Luffy: They're all centaurs! I wonder if they'll join us!
Usopp: They won't! No matter how you look at it, they're all totally ready for a fight!
Robin: They're friends of the person who sent the distress call to the Sunny, right?
Usopp: Yeah, there's no doubt about it.  We better resolve this misunderstanding before a fight starts! Hey!  We came here to help you! Let's talk this over!
Brownbeard: What an obvious lie! You have a samurai with you! You're obviously the intruders!
Usopp: Samurai? He means you? No!  He's not a samurai, he's just a regular swordsman! Granted, he is an idiot who thinks with his muscles... and he does start a lot of fights without thinking... but he never attacked your friends!
Zoro: Who are you calling an idiot?!
Usopp: Help!  He's gonna kill me!
Zoro: I'd never lower myself to kill you!
Usopp: Stop!
Centaur: They seem to be fighting amongst themselves.
Brownbeard: What terrible acting! We must not let them get any further!  Do it!
Centaur: Roger that!
Chopper: This way, children! You better run if you wanna get out!
Nami: You sure are fired up, Chopper!
Chopper: Of course I am!  Sanji gave me a mission... to protect the children and get them safely out of this building! And I'm gonna do it! I will complete my mission!
Man: W-Why are the children...
Chopper: As the only man here, I must do my best!
Sind: You're amazing, Racoon Dog-bro!
Chopper: I'm not a raccoon dog.  I'm a reindeer!
Nami: But where should we go?
Chopper: You should figure that out!
Nami: Sheesh!
Mocha: Lady, are you alright?
Nami: Of course! I can't even count the number of times I've been in situations crazier than this! Just follow me and don't worry.
Mocha: Sure!
Franky: Super!
Man: H-He's installed weapons all over his body! It must be him! The one who destroyed the door to the room!
Franky: You seem interested in my weapons. Alright!  I'll show them to you as much as you want!
Man: Load your guns with poison gas bullets! There aren't any kids in the room anymore! Don't hold back, riddle him with bullets!
Sanji: In that case, let's remove your masks so we can breathe the poison gas together!
Man: Damn you!
Sanji: Don't be so anxious.
Man: He got our masks! Our air tanks too! Don't fire the gas bullets!
Sanji: What are they?! Sheep?!
Franky: What're you doing?
Kinemon: This is unlike any man I have faced before! Who could it be?! I cannot seem to take him down!
Franky: Seriously, what are you talking about?
Kinemon: I speak of my torso!
Franky: Huh?
Brook: Whoa, hey wait!  What is this?! W-W-Who are you, good sir?! What happened to your head and legs?! Scary!  Please say something!
Marine: Fire!  Fire!
Smoker: We'll soon be finished travelling this river.
Marine: What lies ahead?
Smoker: I have a hunch.
Brook: By any chance... might you be... a ghost?! If that is the case, isn't this inappropriate?! It's midday! Haven't I always been good? I just came ashore to make snowmen! Ah, if you like, shall we make some together? If we work together, we might even be able to make a snow sculpt- I was joking! What is going on here?! That man has no eyes, so how is he able to attack so accurately?! Though, come to think of it, I don't have eyes either! Scary!  Strong!  Scary! What has gotten into you?! At least tell me why you're fighting me! Nitouryuu?! Please, stop this! Scary!  Scary! Creepy!
Man: Master.
Ceasar: Did you catch the escaped prisoners?
Man: No, I came to report on the G-5 ship.
Ceasar: Oh, them?
Man: The poison gas cloud didn't stop them... and at the moment, the warship is using its cannons to destroy the ice walls, and they're slowly making their way inland. Before long, they'll reach this laboratory!
Ceasar: Why? Why do they go to such lengths to land on this island? Did they get tipped off in some way? Who is commanding the ship?
Man: It's Vice-Admiral Smoker.
Ceasar: Smoker?! Of all people... What a troublesome man! Conceal the ships that are docked at the main entrance!
Man: Should we deal with them?
Ceasar: Nobody is allowed to be here... so make sure they don't see you!
Man: Then what about you, Master?
Ceasar: Don't be absurd!  There's no way I could go out there!
Man: But that leaves us with no way of stopping them!
Law: Want me to go?
Marine: We're finally here! It feels like I've lost years of my life.
Tashigi: So far, we've only landed on the island. Pull yourselves together!
Marine: Oh, don't say that! We worked really hard, try to see it our way!
Tashigi: You're far too spoiled! Smoker-san?
Smoker: Don't panic. Thought so.
Tashigi: There's no gas here.
Marine: It's true!  I can't believe it! Then why was there all that gas before?
Smoker: It must be the work of someone who doesn't want us here.
Marine: Is there really someone here?
Tashigi: We'll have to check. This is...
Smoker: Doctor Vegapunk's research facility. Or rather, it used to be. It's supposed to be abandoned, an empty building devoid of people or equipment. But it has power.
Marine: Who's been living here? Hey!  Come out! What's wrong?!  Are you scared of us?! There's no need to be polite and ring the doorbell! We can open the door in no time if we just blast it with the ship's cannons, Smokey... Uh, Smoker-san. Hey, answer! Open the door! You listenin'?!  This island is off-limits! Whoever you are, you're under arrest, you moron! Come out, dammit! They're ignoring us, huh?  Alright, time for the cannons! We'll open a gaping hole!
Tashigi: Wait!
Marine: It's opening! You finally understand your situation? We are the Navy!
Law: What business do you have at my vacation home... White Hunter?
Marine: This is impossible! That man...
Tashigi: Used to be a rookie with a 440 million Beli bounty... but now... alongside Hawk-Eye Mihawk... the Pirate Empress, Boa Hancock... Donquixote Doflamingo and the rest... he is one of the Government-authorized pirates... the Seven Warlords of the Sea!
Smoker: Trafalgar Law.
Marine: Let's get out of here, Smoker-san! I don't want anything to do with that guy! You know, right? In order to become a Warlord... he delivered the hearts of one hundred pirates to Navy HQ! He's completely deranged! He gives me the creeps!
Smoker: Why are you here? This island is forbidden to both pirates and the Government alike, Law!
Law: I could ask you the same thing.
Narrator: Law stands in Smoker's way. Neither will yield a single step. As the situation reaches its boiling point, the Straw Hat Pirates suddenly appear with the children in tow. Then, Law does something that causes the situation to intensify immediately!
Luffy: Next time, on One Piece: The Warlord! Trafalgar Law I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
