Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle on Fishman Island, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors. The crew received a distress call and landed on Punk Hazard, a bizarre island that is split between burning and frozen sides.
Law: I can't let them escape.
Franky: What's this?! It's like some sort of thin film or something.
Nami: E-Everyone, calm down! I know!  Let's do a roll call! Chopper!
Chopper: Yeah!
Nami: Franky!
Franky: Present!
Nami: Sanji-kun!
Sanji: What? N-Nami-san?
Chopper: It's Nami... right?
Nami: Yeah.
They: What is going on here?!
Smoker: Do you think we're just going to let you act like the pirate you've always been?! Even if you are a surgery-man who ate the Ope Ope Fruit, and can operate on everything! Don't get in the way of his attacks, men! You're in my way!  Get out of the circle!
Marine: Circle?!
Smoker: As long as you're inside the circle that Law created, you're like patients strapped to his operating table! This is his operating room. He can freely control and operate on anything within this space. He is the Surgeon of Death! Stop it, Tashigi! Your Haki is no match for him!
Marine: Captain-chan!
Title: Clash! Law VS Vice-Admiral Smoker
Marine: C-Captain-chan got cut in half! Hey!  You're still alive, right, Tashigi-chan?!
Tashigi: What... What a disgrace! To lose a swordfight without fighting to the death. If you're going to cut me, then kill me, Trafalgar!
Law: You have the attitude of a master swordsman, if nothing else. Remember this, Ms. Marine! The weak don't get to decide anything, not even how they die.
Tashigi: Damn you!
Law: That sword... can't even reach me. But if this is what you want, I will gladly cut you again.
Marine: You bastard!  Don't humiliate Captain-chan! Captain-chan, leave this to us! That messed up bastard is gonna be filled with holes! Bullets?! Where'd those bullets come from?! Where'd our bullets go?!
Law: Those were the bullets you fired. I swapped them with the snow over there.
Marine: Is he invincible?! Get down! He's planning to cut us again! There's no way to block his attacks! That bastard! Captain-chan, run! Captain-chan! Smokey!
Smoker: Surgeon of Death... Trafalgar Law! Don't underestimate the Navy, pirate!
Law: I can sense a nasty energy. The tip of that jutte is made of Sea Stone, isn't it?
Marine: Watch out!  That crazy thing he made... The ship's falling! Let's get out of here as fast as we can! We're just in the way!
Smoker: I don't give a damn if you're a Warlord or whatever! Just get the hell out of my way!
Tashigi: Vice-Admiral Smoker!
Marine: Captain-chan, we've gotta get out of here!
Tashigi: But...
Marine: They're way out of our league! Run!  Get out of the circle!
Centaur: T-They're so strong... Straw Hat Luffy... and his crew! Dammit... Boss Brownbeard was taken! W-We've gotta save Boss! Who knows what'll happen to him now that those cruel pirates have him! Boss Brownbeard! We have to let Master know! If you can stand then follow me!
Luffy: That was really loud.  Maybe it's Sanji and the others? Hey, Crocotaur! You sure you don't know anything about my friends?
Brownbeard: Shut up!  I'm not telling you anything!
Luffy: Fine!  Then run faster! To the building Brook said he saw! We've gotta hurry to rescue Nami and those guys!
Brownbeard: How humiliating, he's just a kid... and he cruelly stole my underlings' coats! You damn highwaymen!
Zoro: Stop trying to make us look like the bad guys! You attacked us first! This crocodile-guy doesn't seem to regret his actions at all.
Usopp: Anyway, Brook... You've got no skin, so it can't be cold for you, right? Why did you take a coat as well?
Brook: I do have feelings. I'm so happy that I found you safe and sound, I want to share the feeling of being cold with you!
Robin: I feel sorry for Nami and the others.  They didn't change clothes before they were kidnapped. I hope their arms and legs haven't fallen off from frostbite.
Usopp: Stop it, Robin!  Don't worry in such a cruel way!
Man: Master, what do we do? Sir Law and Smoker are fighting a huge battle.
Ceasar: What is Law thinking? The plan was to just chase them away.
Man: Well, the pirates who had escaped earlier... took the kids from the Biscuits Room... and ran into Law and Smoker at the entrance!
Ceasar: Did the Navy see the kids?!
Man: Yes.
Ceasar: So the worst has happened. This means that the island will be investigated! Even if we wipe out Smoker now, the Navy would surely become suspicious!
Monet: Those pirates are in here, after all.
Ceasar: Why are you back so soon, Monet?
Monet: This is them, no doubt about it. Perhaps we should have been more careful? Oh, right, I forgot to mention... Vegapunk's dragon and Brownbeard's Centaur squad have both been defeated.
Ceasar: What?!
man: Impossible!
Monet: In other words, the crew you kidnapped, ship and all, had other members... who had found their way into the burning lands. Now they've crossed the lake, and are almost here. I thought they seemed oddly strong, and what do you know...
Newspaper headline: Newspaper: The Straw Hat Pirates Back at Full Strength
Monet: It's really them, isn't it?
Ceasar: The Straw Hat... Pirates?
Monet: You must have heard the rumors, right? By now, the Navy... No, the entire World Government... considers them enemies who must be stopped at all costs.
Ceasar: The World Government, you say? If they're that infamous, this might actually work to our advantage! Both the Straw Hats and Smoker... are nuisances who could reveal this island to the Government. We'll take both of them out in one stroke!
Man: But Master... G-5 may be a bunch of misfits, but if we kill the entire unit... the Navy won't take it lying down!
Ceasar: Oh, it doesn't matter.  We can just erase everything that happens on this island! Send word to Joker!
Man: Yes, Sir!
Nami: We were able to get out through the backdoor... but what should we do now?
Chopper: This is a really bizarre situation, but the only thing we can do for now is run!
Franky: What's going on here? Things have gotten super-complicated!
Child: You guys! I-It's so cold, we'll die like this!
Sanji: Even though it's deadly cold... I don't care! I don't care about the samurai or the kids either!
Child: Whaaaat?!
Sanji: Isn't there a camera around here?! I've gotta take some pictures before I'm turned back into myself!
Nami: What kind of pictures?! Also, stop having nosebleeds with other people's bodies!
Franky: Never mind that, Nami! You shouldn't button up my Hawaiian shirt!
Chopper: Are you alright? You're freezing, right? Hang in there just a little longer!
Child: The swirly guy's being so nice, it's creeping me out! What's going on? Did your souls get swapped or something?
Kinemon: It would appear that way.
Chopper: Hang in there, everyone!
Kinemon: He is treating me completely differently from earlier, he is!
Chopper: I didn't think it would be so cold in a human body.
Child: Everyone, stop! It's freezing... It's hopeless... I can't go any further... Me either! I'm gonna freeze to death!
Franky: Dammit!  Taking them out of there without a plan was a bad idea! Though, I'm not cold at all in this body.
Marine: The ship's flying around like a leaf! Are you alright, Smokey?! Captain-chan, how's your body? Did we manage to reattach it properly? Hey, that right arm of yours... That's my left leg! Whose feet are my arms?! This is awful! We can't contact HQ, and we have no ship! I thought the Seven Warlords were our allies! Hey, hey, Captain-chan! Don't go!  Stay here!
Smoker: Tashigi, remember this. No matter what, pirates will always be pirates.
Tashigi: Pirates... will be pirates.
Smoker: Why are you here? This island is forbidden to both pirates and the Government alike, Law!
Law: I could ask you the same thing.
Smoker: Law! What are you doing here on Punk Hazard?! I could never even figure out why you joined the Warlords! What is your goal?! What we need right now is a higher rank. After the Enies Lobby incident, pirates all over the world are starting to notice the Straw Hat Pirates.
Tashigi: Yes.
Smoker: I will stake my pride... on crushing them in the New World!
Tashigi: Whether it be the Straw Hats... or Trafalgar Law, member of the Seven Warlords who answer directly to the World Government, pirates will always be pirates.
Smoker: I never trusted you Warlords to begin with.
Law: That may be wise.
Smoker: Law! Is this place important to you?! You must be getting orders from someone! What are you scheming... on this island?!
Law: First answer me! What are your schemes?! You can't see the whole picture until you look at it from the outside. Smoker!
Smoker: My heart...
Law: I don't have to tell you anything.
Narrator: Smoker collapses after his heart is stolen. Law looks down on him coldly... and Tashigi and the G-5 attempt to attack him in rage. Then Luffy appears! The meeting between the two, who share a connection from the great war, causes the situation to change drastically!
