Narrator: Once there was a man who obtained everything, the legendary Pirate King Gold Roger. His last words before he was executed inspired people to sail the seas.
Roger: All my wealth and treasure? It can be yours if you want! Search for it! I left everything in that one place.
Narrator: People now set sail in search of romance. The world has entered a Great Age of Pirates! All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors. The crew received a distress call and landed on Punk Hazard, a bizarre island that is split between a burning side and a frozen one. But then the Navy unit G-5, led by Smoker, infiltrated the island while chasing Luffy and the others, and ended up in a battle with Trafalgar Law, who suddenly appeared.
Luffy: Imagine meeting you!  It's me! Thanks for everything you've done for me!
Zoro: What did he just do?!
Smoker: If we assume that someone above Law is pulling his strings, and that "CC" is their initials... then I have a hunch who it might be. Doctor Vegapunk's former associate... the scientist... Caesar Clown.
title: The World's Worst The Terrifying Scientist, Caesar
Marine: Caesar Clown?
Marine2: Who's that?
Tashigi: Something has been bothering me.
Smoker: What?
Tashigi: If my memory serves me correctly... a lot of children have been abducted in this region over the last few years.
Marine: Abductions?
Tashigi: Yes.
Marine: But more importantly, I can't get used to this new Captain-chan!
Tashigi: I can't help it.  Please try to deal with it!
Smoker: Tashigi!  What are you talking about? I haven't heard a damn thing about kids being snatched.
Tashigi: Please button your shirt, Smoker-san!
Marine: This "open" Captain-chan looks great, but she's horrifying on the inside!
Smoker: Cram it! There haven't been any reports from this region, except for the occasional shipwreck. But now that you mention it, it does seem like a lot of kids die in this sea.
Marine: Yeah, that's right.  Right? Right!
Tashigi: According to the communications division... Oh, I don't have my glasses. ...many reports of kidnapped children have been made to G-5. But in the newspaper, they're all announced as shipwrecks, piracy, or missing persons. Of course, it's possible that the reports were originally wrong and then corrected. But... But it is also possible that...
Smoker: Looks like you're hesitating, Tashigi. If you have an opinion, then state it plainly! Based on the number of children that we just saw... you think that the reports of abduction were correct... and the kidnapper could be on this island, right? But in order for that to be true... a member of G-5 would have to be covering up the kidnappings by lying to the media.
Marine: Huh?
Marine2: So that means that someone inside G-5 is helping the culprit?
Marine: Wh... What?!
Soldier2: Hey Smo-san!  I can't believe you're doubting us! We may be the outcasts of the Navy, but we still have our pride as Marines!
Marine: That's right!  No one here would do such a thing!
Smoker: Shut the hell up!
Marine: She is scary!
Smoker: Idiots like you aren't even worth suspecting!
Marine: What?
Smoker: But don't let yourselves have the wrong idea about the Navy, either. All organizations contain multiple people, so none of them can ever be perfect! You'll overlook enemies if you let yourself think that the Navy's perfect!  Don't be deceived by appearances!
Soldiers: Yes Ma'am, Captain-chan!
Smoker: You guys... whatever...
Tashigi: I-I'm the captain!
Soldiers: Oh!  That's right!  We were deceived by appearances!
Tashigi: But Smoker-san, I'm still not entirely convinced.
Smoker: Don't worry. It's just a theory that we should keep in mind. In any case, my body and heart has been taken by Law. We can't leave the island. A third of you guys will go to the ship and report this.
Marine: What are you talking about, Vice-Admiral? The ship's been sliced to pieces.
Smoker: I said there were other ships, didn't I? Go steal one.
Marine: Oh!  That was your plan!  You're a villain!
Smoker: Be careful. Before this situation gets any worse, I'm gonna get my heart and body back... and then I'll expose the one who's pulling the strings on this island!
Caesar: I finally got through to him. We have permission to kill them all. The Straw Hat Pirates, G-5, and Foxfire Kinemon. No matter who dies on this island, Joker can make it look like an accident at sea. Capture as many of them as you can! The more test subjects we have the better.
Gasmask: Yes, Master.
Caesar: But if they make trouble for you, then feel free to kill them with gas. Where's Law?
Gasmask: He left the room a while ago.
Caesar: No matter. It seems that one of them has a bounty of 400 million. Don't push yourselves too hard.
Monet: In addition, the crew has bounties from 120 million down to fifty. The total bounty for the Straw Hat Crew is 800 million and fifty beli. But for two years, they've vanished off of the face of the planet. Their bounties haven't changed in all that time. Their actual strength might be higher than the numbers indicate.
Caesar: You're always thorough with your research, Monet.
Centaur: Master!
Caesar: What happened to you? Were you in the freezing cold without a coat?
Centaur: It was stolen by pirates. But more importantly, they took Boss Brownbeard! Please, save him!
Caesar: Oh my, what a pity. Don't worry about Brownbeard.  I'll definitely get him back. Hurry now and go to the inner chamber. You're very lucky.  I just finished a new medicine. Something that will warm your body and heal your wounds.
Centaur: Really?  You've saved me.  Please help the others too!
Caesar: Of course.  But first, you need to save yourself.
Centaur: Thank you so much!  Thank you so much!
Sanji: Hey!  What is this, Usopp?!
Franky: This is pretty super!
Nami: I give up.
Chopper: Thanks, Usopp!
Sanji: It detracts from Nami's beauty!
Usopp: Stop complaining! Without these, we'll get totally confused!
Luffy: Brownbeard?
Brownbeard: That's right.  Surely you've heard the name? The whole world used to know me by that name!
Luffy: Never heard of ya.
Brownbeard: What the hell?! Quit it, you damn kids.
Zoro: What's happened?  Until recently, you weren't willing to open your mouth... but now we can't get you to shut up.
Brownbeard: It's because you're going to be dead soon. Law is going to come and save me. I hate all the pirates from your generation, but Law is different.
Luffy: What do you mean by "our generation"?
Brownbeard: Don't you know?  Fool. The eleven rookies worth over 100 million beli... who met at the Sabaody Archipelago two years ago, and Blackbeard. People are calling you "The Worst Generation". You're problem children born into the gap between two eras, forced to live in the chaos that entails. After the death of Whitebeard, you stormed into the New World and caused havoc on the seas. Every time there's a major incident, it's always someone from your generation. Blackbeard, Kid, Law, Drake, Hawkins. My very own Brownbeard Pirate Crew was broken by Basil Hawkins! Because of him, I lost my legs and had to give up being a pirate. We just barely managed to escape with our lives and crawl to Punk Hazard. Don't you know what this place is?
Usopp: Hmm?
Brownbeard: This place... This island... It used to be filled with verdant forests, overflowing with life.
Luffy: This place?
Zoro: I can't even imagine it.
Brownbeard: The government scientist, Vegapunk, used to conduct his experiments here. He performed many experiments with weapons and medicine here. They say that there were prisoners who never went to jail. Instead, they were brought to this island and used as human guinea pigs. Then, four years ago, one of Vegapunk's chemical weapon experiments went horribly wrong. Two of the three labs were destroyed. These are the ruins of one of those labs.
Usopp: I see, the explosion must have been huge. No wonder it's all torn up.
Brownbeard: The explosion created a wave of burning heat that spread poison across the entire island. It wiped out all natural life. When that happened, the Government just abandoned the prisoners who were used as test subjects. Fleeing the island, they sealed it off behind them! The abandoned prisoners shut themselves into the only lab that remained intact, Lab Three. It was the only way that they could escape the poison gas that enveloped the island. Due to the nerve gas, those who didn't die almost always lost the ability to move their legs. They had given up all hope. But after a year, our generous Master descended upon this island! With his special power, he cleansed the gas from the island. And he used science to help the prisoners who couldn't walk and took them in as his subordinates!
Franky: Oh!  Master!
Chopper: Master!
Brook: Master-san!
Brownbeard: I arrived on the island a year after he did, two years ago now. There was still some remnants of the poison gas left. Breathing it made you nauseous. I didn't have the strength to live. I had given up, thinking I was surely at my end. That was when I saw them, the former prisoners who had lost their legs like me, and Master. And just like them, my life was also saved by Master's kindness. If Vegapunk, who stole my comrades' legs, is a devil, then Master is the kind-hearted god of salvation.
Chopper&Franky: Oh, Master!
Brownbeard: And then a few months ago, another god of salvation, Trafalgar Law, a new member of the Seven Warlords, came to this island. With his ability, he gave legs to those of us who couldn't walk. The legs of animals! We, who thought we'd never walk again, cried tears of joy.
ChopperandFranky: What a great story!
Luffy: I knew Traf was a great guy! He saved me, too!
Nami: I didn't know Vegapunk was such a cruel man.
Sanji: So the sheep-people we saw in the lab were created by Law's powers.
Usopp: I guess that explains the centaurs and the bird-lady too. But wait, what about the dragon?
Brownbeard: Oh, you saw the dragon? That's an artificial creature that Vegapunk created to protect the island. He can adapt to any environment. One of the Celestial Dragons took a liking to it and gave it a name, but I forgot it. If you see it again, just run away.  It's very violent.
Zoro: Got it. Even though I already ate it.
Brownbeard: Anyway, do you understand who's in charge of the island? We won't allow anyone else to invade. This island, Punk Hazard, belongs to our Master. Rejoice! Even now, Master is continuing his research for the benefit of the future of mankind. He needs but a few human test subjects, and you get to become those subjects! You can't escape!
Caesar: Hmm?  What's happening?
Centaur: Master! Master! The pain... What... What kind of medicine is this? Master! Master! Let me out of here!
Caesar: Try to endure it for a little while longer. How do you feel now? Nausea?  A cough?  That's fine.  Do you have a headache?
Centaur: My head!  It's gonna split in two!
Caesar: Oh, I see.
Marine: Huh?!  It wasn't Vegapunk? Then, who was it, Smo-san? Who was actually behind the giant explosion?
Smoker: The one who made the weapon, and the one who blew it up, was Caesar Clown. At the time, he was the number two of the science division, but his methods were inhumane and he was always challenging Vegapunk.
Centaur: M-Master! S-Save me!
Caesar: What do you see? Are there any hallucinations?
Centaur: T-There's a giant snake in here!
Caesar: Of course there isn't! I guess that's enough.  Time to end your pain.
Smoker: Vegapunk took the blame for the accident, but that's just because he was in charge. Of course, it's a crime to develop a weapon of mass destruction that covers an island in poison gas. Once we figured out the cause of the accident, we captured Caesar. But his power proved to be too strong and he escaped from the prisoner transport ship. He's been in hiding ever since. If he really is continuing his research on this island, we've got to stop it quickly. Before he commits another heinous crime!
Caesar: I'll have to try again.
Monet: Another failure?
Caesar: Failure?!  Watch your mouth! My experiments never fail. The one four years ago wasn't a failure, either. The World Government spouted such nonsense! A failed experiment? I showed how my weapon could kill an entire island! Where's the failure in that?! When it comes to killing enemies, I'm the best in the world. And I've also tracked the progress of every single one of the survivors, without fail! Just you watch!  I'll show them who the number one scientist in the world is!
Narrator: It's a miraculous collaboration between One Piece, Toriko, and Dragon Ball! In search of legendary food, the "Tenkaichi Let's Eat Tournament" is held. The legendary cast of Luffy, Toriko, and Goku face an unprecedented development... when a mysterious lifeform appears during the middle of the tournament.
Luffy: Next time: The Strongest Collaboration of All Time VS The Big Eater from the Sea
Title: The Strongest Collaboration of All Time The Big Eater from the Sea
