Everybody: Dream 9 Super Collaboration Special!
Announcer: Now, we will finally be getting the event underway! Organized by the International Gourmet Organization, the IGO, the Tenkaichi Kuoukai! The winner of this race will be given the legendary meat of the Carat Juicattle, said to be the most delicious under the heavens. Strawhat pirates and Bishokuya that have gathered here from all over the world are now standing at the starting line! Without further ado, begin!! All entrants start at once! Wh-What's this?! A huge pitfall has opened at the starting point! Wait, that's...
Sign: Howcantlionthisbe (Konnanoarijigoku) (Insect Beast) Capture Level 40
Announcer: The Capture Level 40 beast, the Howcantlionthisbe!
Guys: How can this be?! Will all contestants be disqualified right at the starting line?! Oh my! Some contestants have broken through! Th-That's... Heavenly King Toriko and Sani! And his little sister, Rin! As well as Toriko's partner, Komatsu! Following right behind is the Strawhat Crew! Luffy, Sanji, Chopper, Nami, Franky, Brook, and Zoro!
Sani: It's so nice to see you again, Rin-chan!
Rin: Geez, this guy again?
Luffy: Meat! I'm gonna eat that legendary meat!
Toriko: Luffy! I thought you might be here, too.
Luffy: It's been a while, Toriko.
Guy: Oh, there are still some others! Someone else made it out! That person breaking out from the pack, could he be...? It's... S-Son Gokuu!
Gohan: We're here, too!
Trunkten: Yeah, that's right!
Somebody: Meat!
Gokuu: Let's win and eat some tasty meat!
Title: Run, Strongest Army! Toriko, Luffy, and Gokuu!
Sign: Start Goal
Guy: Contestants are free to choose their own route in this race. With the exception of flying through the air, all methods are permitted. In this flat-out survival race, the one that reaches the stadium at the center of the island will be titled Champion and awarded with the legendary meat, the Carat Juicattle! We would like to thank the Tenkaichi Budoukai for providing a live play-by-play announcer. That's me! And we will be receiving commentary from Chief Mansam of the IGO, the organizers of this event.
Mansam: Hey, did you just call me handsome?
Ann: No, sir, I did not. And one more... Everyone, we bring you... the strongest man in the world, Mister Satan!
Satan: Not the world... I'm strongest in all the universe!
Guys: Satan! Satan! Satan! Satan! Satan!
Kuririn: Hey, Piccolo, is the Carat Juicattle really that delicious?
Piccolo: I wouldn't know.
Coco: The Carat Juicattle? It is a kind of cattle that only eats high-class, high-value foods. Its meat is so exquisite, the juices that come from it are sometimes called "meat juice".
Robin: And for that reason, it can be sold for a high price, yes?
Coco: You're quite knowledgeable on the subject, Robin-san.
Robin: It's easy enough to figure out, Coco. Just look over there.
Nami: I've heard that the Carat Juicattle even eats valuable jewels, and that makes its bones into multi-thousand carat diamonds! I've got to get my hands on it!
Krill: I see. So that's why Number 18 is so hyped about this.
Ann: Look at this!
Announcer: It seems our contestants are approaching the crossroads. The straight-ahead route is the sheer cliff! To the East is the deep forest where ferocious demon beasts live. And to the West is the vast desert and wasteland. Which route our contestants choose is certain to have a major effect on the outcome of the race.
Gokuu: This is the shortest route, right?
Ann: It seems Gokuu, Toriko, and Luffy have progressed straight onto the cliff!
Mansam: They're heading straight up the sheer cliff?
Satan: Maybe those guys are decent.
Gohan: I really don't think I'll beat Dad going on the same course as him.
Komatsu: Please wait up! Don't leave me behind all alone!
Sanji: Aw, dammit. Nami-san, Rin-chan... I've lost my beloved angels!
Setsu: Angel? Do you mean me?
Sanji: Hell no!
Sign: Full Stomach Baboon (Manpuku Hihi) (Mammal Beast) Capture Level 45
T/N: ( This is a pun on "Hamadryas Baboon" (Manhihi) and "full stomach" (Manpuku). )
Komatsu: A giant hamadryas baboon!
Setsuno: That's a Full Stomach Baboon.
Gohan: Please stand back. I'll handle this.
Setsu: Hold on, please! There is no need to fight. This fellow is known as the Gourmand of the Forest. If he fills his stomach on tasty things, he'll become docile.
Sani: I getcha. How 'bout we give it a try, Komatsu?
Komatsu: Ah, okay!
Sanji: You like my cooking?
Komatsu: He's sure got quite an appetite.
Gohan: I never would've thought of fighting that way.
Rin: It's so totally hot...
Roushi: Hot...
Brook: I think I'm gonna die... But I'm already dead.
Nami: Hey, are you all right?
Rin: Get ahold of yourself!
Both: I think I'm done for...
Roushi: Maybe with a little puff-puff, I could survive...
T/N: ( "Puff-puff" is a running joke in Akira Toriyama's works referring to women rubbing their breasts on someone's face. )
Brook: I think if I saw some panties I may be all right...
Rin: Like hell!
18: You don't give up, do you?
Franky: Hey, are you seriously a cyborg? That's pretty super!
Rin: It's like everybody here's a pervert.
Franky: Hey, no need to praise us so much!
Rin: That was not praise!
Trunks: Goten, let's work together!
Goten: Okay, Trunks-kun.
Both: Fu-sion ha!
Gotenks: Ta-da!
Sani: Ew, gross!
Chopper: Awesome! That's so cool! Could you teach me to do that?!
Gotenks: Okay, you just need a partner.
Chopper: Really?! Then, Sani! A fusion! C'mon, let's do a fusion!
Sani: No! No way I'm doing that! Seriously, you and I are... You're, like...
Luffy: W-W-Woah. That was close.
Toriko: You sure are fast, Luffy!
Luffy: You, too, Toriko! That Gokuu guy's pretty good, too.
Gokuu: So this is the peak? Looks like I can make it to the goal if I just keep headin' straight.
Luffy: He-yup.
Gokuu: Aw, man. You guys caught up.
Kaiou: Gokuu! Big trouble!
Gokuu: Kaiou-sama? I'm kinda busy right now, do you need something?
Kaiou: It's a universal crisis! An incredibly strong evil ki has appeared!
Gokuu: Huh? Really? Man, that sucks... Okay, I'll be right there.
Toriko: H-He disappeared?!
Luffy: Who really was that guy?
Tina: Hello, I am currently in the meadow in front of the forest. Ah, someone's coming!
Zoro: What the hell is this place? Where do I go?
Usopp: Hey, isn't that Zoro? Geez, did he get lost again?
Zebra: I thought you guys were bein' noisy. So you were holding a big competition?
Ann: Wh-What was that just now?
Tina: Z-Z-Zebra! Gourmet Heavenly King Zebra has appeared!
Vegeta: Nobody told me about this competition! Where is Kakarot? I'm going to settle things with him once and for all.
Zoro: Who the hell are you guys?
Zebra: You'd better not get cocky!
Vegeta: Oh. You bastards seem to have quite decent power levels.
Tina: Th-This looks dangerous!
Zoro: Hyakuhachi Pound Hou!
T/N: ( Hyakuhachi Pound Hou = Phoenix of the 108 Earthly Desires (or 108 Pound Cannon) )
Vegeta: Galic Hou!
T/N: ( Galic Hou = Galic Gun )
Guy: Uh... It seems our video's been interrupted. Satan-san, what was that just now?
Satan: A trick! That must have been a trick!
Ann: Oh?! It seems someone has arrived at the stadium! It's... Toriko and Luffy!
Gokuu: I'm here, too! I'm here to save the world!
Guy: Oh! Gokuu has arrived, too! It's a red-hot dead heat!
Gokuu: I'm taking that meat!
Luffy: I'm gonna win!
Toriko: I'm gonna eat that Carat Juicattle!
Ann: S-Somehow, Gokuu, Toriko, and Luffy have all reached the goal simultaneously! Um... What do we do in the event of a tie?
Mansam: In that case, we'll have these three settle it here on the stage.
Satan: Wh-What?!
Ann: Incredible! A stage has appeared in the center of the stadium!
Guy: Hey, it's Mister Satan! Yeah! Is he gonna fight? Satan! Satan!
Ann: Astounding! Unable to resist the chance at a fight, Mister Satan bursts onto the stage!
Satan: Uh, no. You've got it all wrong. Aw, man. I might get killed here.
Gohan: Dad!
Roushi: Gokuu!
Komatsu: Toriko-san!
Rin: Toriko!
Nami: Give it your all, Luffy!
People: Satan! Satan! Satan!
Ann: In this fight, we will be enforcing the rules of the Tenkaichi Budoukai where you only lose when you say  "I give up" or you fall out of the ring. Who will be the one to grasp victory?! Without further ado, begin!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no Kane!
T/N: ( Gomu Gomu no Kane = Rubber Rubber Bell )
Gokuu: So it hits you with a delayed effect? You guys have some unique abilities.
Toriko: So that wasn't too effective?
Luffy: Gear Second! Here goes! Toriko! Jet Bazooka!
Ann: What a fierce battle! Not one of them is giving an inch!
Luffy: Jet Pis... You...
Satan: Wh-What is with this fight? If this is a dream, please let me wake up soon!
Gokuu: You guys sure are strong! I'm getting super excited! Guess it's time for to get serious.
Toriko: Serious? It'd be my pleasure.
Luffy: All right. Guess I'll go all-out, too.
Gokuu: That's the spirit!
Ann: Oh my! It looks like the three contestants are going into serious mode!
Luffy: Gear Third! Busoushoku Kouka!
T/N: ( Gear Third Busoushoku Kouka = Gear Third: Color of Armaments: Hardening )
Gokuu: I'll get going, too.
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no Elephant...
Gokuu: Kamehame...
Luffy: Gatling!
Gokuu: ha!
Ann: Is everyone all right? Um. It seems the stage has been destroyed and Toriko is out of the ring. As is Luffy! And Gokuu, too! I guess we're going to have to call it a tie... Ah, wait! One still remains! Mister Satan still remains inside the ring! Th-The winner is Mister Satan!
Guys: Huh?! Satan! Satan! Satan!
Satan: I'm so powerful I can win without even fighting!
Luffy: What about the meat?
Toriko: How can that seriously happen?!
Both: What kind of punch line is this?
Gokuu: This is it?
Toriko: The Carat Juicattle!
Luffy: Man, it looks good!
Mansam: Mister Satan has decided to share the Carat Juicattle with all of you.
Gokuu: Well, that sounds fair. By the way, guys, you guys sure are strong! You really surprised me!
Toriko: You, too!
Mansam: Well in any case, thanks to these guys we were able to lure that thing out.
Tina: The Toriko anime has finally reached its 100th episode! To celebrate, the prey this time is the Madam Fish! Who will be the one to reel her in?!
Title: Commemorating the Hundredth Episode All Four Heavenly Kings Assemble!
Tina: Next time will be a heaping helping of fun, too!
Guys: There's still more to come! Yeah!
OP Narr: The International Gourmet Organization, the IGO, is holding a rigorous rule-free race, the Tenkaichi Kuoukai. Seeking the championship prize, the legendary Carat Juicattle beef, stalwart pirates and Bishokuya lined up at the starting line. But... the moment the race started, they became prey for a gigantic antlion. However, escaping that danger, Toriko, Luffy, Gokuu, and their comrades continued the race. They overcame a number of obstacles and reached the goal, but...
Ann: S-Somehow, Gokuu, Toriko, and Luffy have all reached the goal simultaneously!
Mansam: In that case, we'll have these three settle it here on the stage.
Ann: Astounding! Unable to resist the chance at a fight, Mister Satan bursts onto the stage!
OP Narr: An intense battle broke out between Toriko, Luffy, and Gokuu.
Luffy: Gatling Gun!
Gokuu: ha!
OP Narr: However...
Ann: Th-The winner is Mister Satan!
Satan: I'm so powerful I can win without even fighting!
Luffy: What about the meat?
Toriko: How can that seriously happen?!
OP Narr: At that moment, a mysterious creature was approaching them from the depths of the sea...
Title: History's Ultimate Collaboration The Glutton of the Sea
Trunks: Look, Goten! It's such a nice view!
Goten: Sure is!
Chopper: I've never had a meal overlooking such nice scenery before!
Rin: I'm totally excited, too!
Krillin: Is it still not time to eat? I'm starved...
Sani: That Carat Juicattle lookin' so good!
Nami: This is supposed to be a legendary meat that's the tastiest under the heavens, right?!
Setsu: Okay, cooking's done!
Komatsu: Thank you for waiting, everyone!
Luffy: Meat!
Gokuu: Food!
Toriko: So this is Carat Juicattle Steak?! I can't stop drooling!
Setsu: It's quite a special meat, so be sure to savor it thoroughly.
Komatsu: We made plenty, so don't be bashful about asking for seconds.
Luffy: It looks so tasty!
Toriko: Hang on! Before we eat, put your hands together like this.
Gokuu: Like this?
Toriko: With thanks to all of the ingredients in this world... Itadakimasu!
Guys: Itadakimasu!
Toriko: Yum! It's like a fountain of meat juices! The juices are just bursting out of it!
Luffy: These Carat Juicattle chops are tasty, too.
Gokuu: Could I have seconds?
Breasts: I've never had such delicious meat!
Nami: And here are the Carat Juicattle bones said to be thousands of carats! It's so pretty!
Franky: I'm really super, so I actually prefer cola to meat. So you're pretty super, too, eh?
Tina: Do you not eat meat?
Chopper: This cotton candy is delicious. Want some?
Tina: Th-Thank you.
Brook: Knowing that such a delicious meat exists truly opens my eyes! Though I don't have any eyes!
Uso: Yum! I love this!
Sani: This Carat Juicattle is beaut'ful!
Roushi: This is so good it'll add years to my life!
Bulma: Hey! Eat your own!
Komatsu: That reminds me, has anyone seen Zoro-san?
Sanji: Don't worry about him. He always gets lost.
Gokuu: This meat really is great.
Luffy: Sooo good!
Toriko: The Carat Juicattle definitely is something, but it doesn't taste this good just because of the meat. Look. It tastes this good because we can all eat it together. When everyone eats together, it tastes way, way better. Hey, are you guys listening to me?!
Luffy: Huh? What?
Gokuu: You're talking about how good the meat is, right?
Komatsu: Thank you very much, Satan-san. It made a delicious meal.
Satan: It's my prize to all of you for working so hard. Listen close. When you've got something tasty to eat, it's always tastier when it you eat it in a group than when you eat it alone.
Komatsu: That's what Toriko-san just said.
Robin: Mansam-san, what exactly are you planning? We'd like to hear your reason for holding this competition.
Piccolo: The IGO's goal is to gather people with strong ki, is it not?
Coco: There's an ulterior motive, isn't there?
Mansam: I thought you'd see through it. This competition was held so the IGO could capture the Akamy.
Coco: What?! The gourmand of the deep sea, the Akamy?!
Rin: Wh-What's that?!
Bulma: Is it one of this island's attractions?
Gokuu: When did it...?
Komatsu: What is that fish?
Setsuno: Its the legendary fish, the Akamy.
Toriko: This is the legendary Akamy?
Luffy: Akamy?
Sign: Akamy  (Fish Beast)  Capture Level Unknown
Toriko: Yeah. They say it's a ferocious fish with an appetite as deep as the sea, and that it will devour anything.
Usopp: Ferocious? It looks like it couldn't hurt a fly!
Satan: There's no need to be afraid. Just leave everything to me. C'mon, here boy.
Uso: There, there. You cute little fish...
Gokuu: Watch out! Gohan!
Luffy: Usopp, are you okay?!
Komatsu: It got bigger!
Setsuno: It eats the power of living creatures which causes it to grow rapidly.
Luffy: You bastard!
Gokuu: Gohan! Are you okay?
Gohan: Yes... But it feels like all of the strength's been sapped from my body...
Setsu: That will be because of the Akamy's poison.
Luffy: Poison? Is there any way to cure them?
Setsu: You'll need to capture the Akamy within 30 minutes and make its body into an antidote.
Luffy: Okay, got it.
Gokuu: So we've just gotta beat that thing up?
Toriko: I'll go, too.
Luffy: Toriko!
Toriko: Let's make sure we get that Akamy!
Gokuu: And she said it's gotta be within 30 minutes.
Luffy: Yeah.
Piccolo: So you gathered together powerful fighters in order to lure that fish in?
Trunks: We're coming, too!
Goten: Yeah!
Mansam: If we left that thing alone, it's possible it would devour every beast in the world and more. I'm sure those guys will be able to handle it, though.
Sanji: See it anywhere?
Sani: Not over here.
Sanji: Sure is a tricky fish to have hid in a forest.
Sani: Okay, I'll search over this way. You go over there.
Sanji: Hold on a second, four-colored hair!
Sani: What'd you say, bastard?!
Sanji: Like hell I'm doing something as gross as following your instructions!
Sani: What're you calling gross, spiral eyebrow?! That w's close.
Sanji: Looks like he saved us the trouble of looking for him. I'll take it down right here. Don't get in my way.
Sani: What'd you say, bastard?!
Sanji: Diable Jambe!
T/N: ( Diable Jambe = Devil Leg (French) )
Sani: You...
Piccolo: Don't just stand around, let's go!
Sanji: Sky Walk!
T/N: ( Poêle à Frire: Spectre = Frying Pan: Spectrum (French) )
Sani: Did we get him?
Gokuu: That beast can hide its ki? Aw, man...
Brook: It sure is an eye-openingly beautiful waterfall, isn't it? Though by the way, I don't actually have any eyes. Too much?
Coco: Everyone else went to search the forest, so we'll search the waterfront.
Brook: I see. I was sure... What in the world?
Coco: Brook-san!
Sign: Middle Torou  (Chuu Toro) (Fish Beast)  Capture Level Unknown
Trunks: Did it have such an ugly face?
Goten: It even grew wings!
Coco: What?!
Trunks: Goten!
Goten: Right!
Both: Fu-sion ha! Super Gotenks enters the fray! You're about to be pulverized in an instant! Get ready!
Franky: Hold it a second! Taking care of that thing is my job.
Gotenks: Wh-What is that?
Franky: Iron Pirate Franky Shogun! I know you absorb energy with your tentacles. But such an attack will do nothing against the invincible Franky Shogun! I'm short on time, so i'll be making a quick counterattack. Franky... Radical...
Gotenks: What are you doing?! Well, whatever. I'm all ready now. I'll teach you just how monstrously strong I am! Super Ghost Kamikaze Attack! The end! No way you're gonna win!
Luffy: Where'd that thing go?
Toriko: I can smell it. It's close! Hey, hey, are you kidding me?
Sign: Big Torou (Fish Beast)  Capture Level Unknown
T/N: ( Each name is a slight alteration of grades of tuna. "Akami" (lean), chuutoro (middle grade), and "Ootoro" (high grade).  )
Robin: Do you think they'll be okay?
Mansam: I didn't think it would progress that far...
Toriko: Right off the bat...
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Jet Pistol!
Toriko: Luffy! Thanks.
Luffy: No prob. Gokuu!
Gokuu: Looks like I made it in time. This is the Akamy, right? It seems kinda different somehow.
Luffy: Huh? Does it?
Toriko: It reached its final form, the Big Torou. This thing's power is supposed to be a hundred times the Middle Torou but it's also supposed to be a hundred times as delicious. They say it has the tasty parts of every kind of seafood.
Luffy: Is it really that tasty?
Gokuu: Hold on, everyone. I'm gonna beat the crap outta this guy and feed him to you!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Bullet! Stamp! Kane!
Gokuu: Kamehameha!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Elephant Gun!
Gokuu: Luffy, that attack just now was incredible!
Toriko: Now, the capturing is complete!
Guys: Yeah!
Gokuu: How far do you think it flew?
Luffy: Either way, he fell somewhere in this hole. That sure is a huge hole.
Gokuu: Well, we'd better get looking for it. C'mon...
Toriko: Huh? What's wrong? Th-That's...
Sign: Super Big Torou (Fish Beast) Capture Level Unknown
Luffy: That hurt, you bastard! Toriko, are you okay?!
Toriko: It was nothing big.
Luffy: But what's with that thing?
Toriko: It absorbed all of our attacks and evolved even further. It looks like it's not just the energy of living creatures, but it even absorbs the attacks dealt to it to get stronger. At this rate, that thing will keep growing until it absorbs every living thing on the planet.
Luffy: So what do we do?
Toriko: The only way we can beat it is by hitting it with one attack so big it can't absorb it.
Luffy: Ah, Gokuu.
Gokuu: I have... a favor to ask you. My Genki Dama can do that.
T/N: ( Geki Dama = Spirit Ball )
Luffy: Genki Dama?
Gokuu: It's a technique that borrows energy from the ground, the forest, the sea, and living creatures little by little and then fires it.
Luffy: Can you beat it with that attack?
Gokuu: Probably. But it'll take a while to gather the ki. I'll need you two to buy time.
Luffy: Ah, okay.
Toriko: Leave it to us.
Gokuu: Just a little longer...
Luffy: Gokuu, is it done yet?
Gokuu: Something's strange... I can't gather any more ki!
Toriko: What?! Don't tell me... It's absorbing the Genki Dama's energy?!
Gokuu: Dammit... Everybody on the island! Let me borrow more of your energy!
Gohan: That's dad's voice.
Roushi: Everyone, raise your hands!
Videl: Let's send him our energy!
Mansam: We have all these strong people here!
Piccolo: This'll make an incredible Genki Dama!
Guys: You can do it! Go for it!
Gokuu: All right, all right, all right! How 'bout this?! What?!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Elephant Gatling!
Gokuu: Kamehame... ha!
Luffy: I can't move a muscle...
Toriko: Me either... I'm beat.
Gokuu: I'm... I'm... so hungry.
Luffy: Me, too.
Toriko: Okay, let's all go eat together.
Gokuu: Yeah, food!
Luffy: Let's have a party!
Gokuu: Oww...
Toriko: With thanks to all of the ingredients in this world... Itadakimasu! This fat has such an incredible sweetness! The meat melts the moment you put it in your mouth! This Big Torou sure is incredible! Yum!
Sanji: This is Big Torou Carpaccio. I boiled down the Kara Juicattle bones into a sauce.
Nami: What did you do to those valuable bones?!
Usopp: This meat's made me feel 100% better!
Chopper: Yum! This is the best!
Roushi: It's quite a good rump.
Franky: This Mellow Cola is super!
Setsuno: What a handsome pompadour.
Sani: I hate to admit it, but it's beaut'ful!
Gokuu: Toriko, this food is delicious!
Toriko: Yeah. The Big Torou's meat is definitely tasty... But what's really delicious...
Satan: is everyone eating it together!
Komatsu: Yeah. That's Toriko's thing, again.
Mansam: In any case, this case is closed.
Luffy: Fry up more meat!
Toriko: Yeah, get me some, too, please.
Gokuu: Ah, me, too!
Komatsu: Okay!
Luffy: By the way, where'd Zoro go?
Toriko: I haven't seen Zebra in a while, either.
Gokuu: Hey, did Vegeta not come to this?
Bulma: Huh? I don't know.
Komatsu: Huh?! They're still fighting?!
Narrator: Suddenly, the children start writhing in pain and collapsing one after another. The cause of it that Chopper discovers is so repulsive it shakes the Straw Hat crew to their core. Meanwhile, while Zoro and the others look for the lost samurai, some gigantic shadows approach them.
Luffy: Next time on One Piece,
