Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors. The crew received a distress call and landed on Punk Hazard, a bizarre island that is split between a burning side and a frozen one. But then the Navy unit G-5, led by Smoker, infiltrated the island while chasing Luffy and the others, and ended up in a battle with Trafalgar Law, who suddenly appeared.
Smoker: My heart...
Brownbeard: Master is the kind-hearted god of salvation.
Chopper&Franky: Oh, Master!
Brownbeard: This island, Punk Hazard, belongs to our Master. Rejoice! Even now, Master is continuing his research for the benefit of the future of mankind. He needs but a few human test subjects, and you get to become those subjects! You can't escape!
Title+Luffy1: Chopper Becomes Enraged
Title+Luffy2: Master's Inhumane Experiment
Chopper+Brook+Franky: Oh!  Master!
Franky: He's such a great guy!
Brownbeared: That's right, he's a wonderful person.
Franky: Master is super!
Chopper: The unending compassion!
Brook: He's the hope for all mankind!
Usopp: You still don't even know what kind of guy he is! Are you listen-
Franky: We!
Brook+Chopper: Love!
Franky: Master! What the hell's going on?! I got all this stuff sticking outta me!
Luffy: It's a furball!
Chopper: That's Guard Point! Just by visualizing them, you can freely transform between six different forms.
Franky: This body ain't very stable!
Chopper: It takes practice!
Franky: Hey!  Don't play on me!
Sanji: What did you say?!  The samurai left?!
Brook: Yes.
Sanji: Dammit!  I thought that it's been too quiet!
Brook: Just a short while ago, I told him about a fellow I met who's nothing but a torso. He wanted to know where I had met him... and I told him that we parted ways near the lake. Then he ran out of here.
Sanji: I was distracted by Nami-san's glorious body so I let my guard down!
Brook: Even though it's inconvenient for you?
Sanji: The one who took him outside when he was just a head who couldn't move... was me. It might have been uncalled for, but it was what I had to do. If he gets killed now, it'll be my fault.
Brook: I see. Even though he's a samurai, he doesn't have a torso to hold a sword so all he can do is run away from battle. Well then, shall we go and do what we must?
Sanji: That goddamn asshole. Luffy!  I'm gonna head out for a bit, okay?
Luffy: Yeah, sure.
Brook: Okay, I'll show you the way... so may I see your panties?
Sanji: For sure! Oh, right!  We need a camera for an opportunity like this!
Nami: Stop right there! Zoro, you're going too.
Zoro: Huh?
Nami: If Zoro is there, Sanji-kun will be in fight-mode at all times!
Zoro: Why do I need to search for that farting samurai just because you're an idiot?!  You pervert!
Sanji: No one wants you here, anyway! I can't believe I'm stuck with a dumbass who I can't even share this happiness with!
Brook: I was mercilessly struck. Do you think my bones were broken? No, all that's broken is my dream to see those panties.
Sanji: Idiot!
Zoro: Pervert!
Chopper: They look like they're having so much fun.
Nami: They seem to be so healthy. I can't imagine how they could be sick.
Chopper: I'll start investigating the disease.
Nami: Is there anything I can do to help?
Chopper: Yeah, try to get me a sample of the children's sweat.  Please.
Nami: That should do it.
Mocha: Miss.
Nami: Mocha.
Mocha: Are we cured? Do you think that maybe I could see my mother and father again?
Nami: Don't worry. I'm definitely going to take you back to your family.
Mocha: Great.
Usopp: So, what should we do about your bodies?
Nami: The most important thing to do now is get our bodies back. I don't want to be this pervert for another millisecond!
Franky: Are you trying to kill me with praise?
Robin: Please don't make that face with Chopper's body. Ever.
Franky: The real problem is those damn kids. They're a real pain in the ass.
Robin: Franky, I'd appreciate it if you didn't speak with that face. Ever.
Kid: Here!
Kid2: Over here!
Kid: Sind, let's join the snowball fight! Huh?  Are you okay?
Sind: The pain...
Kid: Are you okay?  Sind?  You're acting weird.
Sind: No! That's not what I want! Raccoon Dog-chan, how does it look?
Chopper: We'll know in a moment. Huh!  That means...
Kid: What happened?  Sind?  Are you hurt?
Luffy: Are you okay?
Franky: What happened?!
Sind: It hurts...
Luffy: Chopper.  He says it hurts. Cure him.
Nami: Mocha! What's happening to all of you?
Kid: Doran, too?
Franky: All the big kids are collapsing!
Luffy: What happened?
Nami: Chopper, what is it?  Are the kids really sick?
Chopper: No. Sind, is there anything that you want right now? What do you usually do at times like this?
Sind: Usually? After the examination... then...
Chopper: Then what?
Sind: Then they give us candy.
Chopper: Candy?
Kid: It's delicious.
Kid2: Everyone loves the candy.
Kid: It's really great.
Biyo: It's all fizzy and smoke comes out.
Sind: That's right... We eat it... And when you eat it... you get this happy feeling. It might make me feel better.
Chopper: Brownbeard, was it? What do you know about this? These kids aren't sick!
Brownbeard: What are you talking about?  I patrol outside, so I don't know what goes on in the laboratory... but those kids have a serious disease!
Usopp: Hang in there, kids.
Franky: Hey, Chopper. Even the little ones look like they're starting to hurt.
Chopper: What's this "Master" been doing?!
Brownbeard: What do you mean?  Are you doubting Master? The ever-compassionate Master went out of his way to gather those kids, and he's been donating his medical knowledge to treat them. He's a tenderhearted scientist!
Ally: It hurts...
Kid: Ally?
Brownbeard: Look, there's your proof! After missing a single day of treatment, those kids have already started to collapse from pain.
Chopper: No!
Nami: Chopper, what have you learned?
Chopper: NHC-10.  That's what I found in the kids' bodies. There were only faint traces, but it's... a narcotic!
Nami: A narcotic?!
Chopper: Throughout the world, only a few scientists in select countries are allowed to have it. I know about it because Doctorine used it. There are some legitimate uses for the drug, but only in the smallest amounts. It's extremely addictive if you take too much. The children have been taking the drug every day for a long time now. They've become chronically addicted to it. Their bodies crave the next dose in order to stop the pain. Why?!  Why would they have this in their system?! It's so that they can't run away from the lab, isn't it?! What is this "god of salvation" of yours really doing to these kids?!
Brownbeard: If you speak ill of Master, you'll pay for it!
Luffy: Chopper, what do we do? They're all collapsing, one after another!
Sind: Candy!  Candy!
Luffy: You need candy? Should I go get some from the building?
Chopper: No! They must never eat the candy again! They've been using it to give the drug to the children without them knowing it!
Sind: Strawhat man. You'll bring me the candy?
Luffy: I can't.  If Chopper says you can't have it, then you can't have it. He's our doctor.  Trust him!
Sind: Why? Why?  Why?
Kid: Sind, what happened?
Kid2: I'm scared.
Sind: You said that you'd bring me some! Didn't you!?  Didn't you say that you'd bring me some!
Robin: What strength!
Kid: Stop it, Sind!
Kid2: I've never seen Sind like this before.
Franky: What strength!
Usopp: Giants are pretty strong, I guess their children are too.
Franky: This strong?
Sind: Why won't you give me the candy?!
Ally: Sind's not a giant!
Kid: We were all normal size when we came to this island. I thought the disease was making us get bigger. Nothing else is wrong with us.
Chopper: There's no disease that makes normal humans grow into giants. Giants are always giant.
Kid: The longer a kid has been here, the bigger they become.
Chopper: That means... their pituitary glands have started producing an abnormal amount of growth hormone.
Kids: Candy!
Chopper: These kids... are being experimented on!
Ally: Candy!
Chopper: Hold yourself together, Ally!
Ally: I want candy!
Chopper: What was this "Master" thinking, using narcotics on such young kids?!
Kids: Candy!
Franky: The other kids are starting to go wild!
Kids: Candy!  Candy!  Candy!
Robin: There's nothing we can do.
Usopp+Franky: Nami!
Chopper: Sind!  Quit it!
Luffy: Should I fight 'em?
Usopp: No!  Outta the way, Luffy!
Nami: Usopp!  Don't hurt them!
Usopp: Idiot!  Of course I know that! Sure-Kill Knockout Star Great.  They're asleep.
Nami: I knew that they must have been kidnapped. Let us out of here! I wanna see Mommy and Daddy!
Chopper: Luffy. It's tragic.  They don't even know that they've been manipulated. They want to go home! They want to be with their parents! We have to help them!
Nami: Luffy, I want to save them too.
Luffy: Well then, I guess we'll take 'em all home.
Franky: Stupid, it's not that easy. There's a mountain of problems!
Robin: That's right.  Besides, this is all just our interpretation. Unless we ask the ringleader directly, we won't know any of this for sure.
Luffy: Isn't it that Master guy? But Zoro, Sanji, and Brook went to go look for that samurai. Uh... Well, whatever. Right!  Let's go back to the laboratory... to find Master.
Chopper: I should stay here. I can never forgive Master... and I want to kick his ass... but I'm worried about the children. I have to look after them.
Nami: Ye-Yeah!  That's right!  I'll also have to stay!
Usopp: Hey Nami!  That's a dirty trick!  You're just scared!
Luffy: But it'll be pretty bad if the kids get violent again. We'll tie the big ones up like this.
Nami: I don't like it, but...
Franky: There's no helping it. They're heavyweights when they get violent.
Usopp: And we don't know when they'll wake up.
Franky: So, who's going to go where? The four of us have to get together and meet Trafalgar, or we won't get our bodies back.
Luffy: But it's fine the way it is!
Nami: This is definitely not fine!  Take it seriously!
Brownbeard: Master is our kindhearted god of salvation! I believe in you, Master.
Brook: Hey!  Samurai-san!  Where are you?
Zoro: If only we could find his sandal prints.
Nami: They're heavy! Running makes my chest feel so heavy!
Zoro: Don't you want to save the samurai?!
Sanji: Nope!
Brook: What a romantic scene.
Zoro: You idiot! I don't care what happens to you!
Sanji: Hey, don't you dare hurt Nami's beautiful body!
Brook: Hey, both of you!  Please come look at this! Footprints!
Zoro: Sandal footprints?
Brook: No, that's not it.
Sanji: Centaur hoofprints, then?
Brook: No! Th-This is...
Caesar: The heart of Smoker, Vice Admiral of Navy Unit G-5. What a thoughtful present, Law. There's no doubt who won that battle. They'll want to report what happened, and since they lost their ship they'll come to take one of ours. Of course, I've already made arrangements.
Law: What about Straw-Hatter?
Caesar: He's not a problem either. His crew is being dealt with, and the children will be brought back. Well, the kids will eventually want to come back even if they're left alone. Monet says that we should take appropriate caution when dealing with the Straw Hat Pirates. That's why I chose to send the duo after them. The two who never miss their mark. The hit men of the mountain. The Yeti Cool Brothers.
Rock: Only six left.
Scotch: I thought they'd give us more trouble... but it's probably best if we finish it quickly. Just like these three... Coolly.
Narrator: Luffy and the others hurry to the laboratory to meet Master. Meanwhile, Chopper and Nami stay behind to look after the kids... then the shapeless hit men launch their attack! By the time that Luffy notices the disaster, the two of them are facing impending death.
Luffy: Next time, on One Piece:
Luffy+Title: The Crew Obliterated The Legendary Hit Men Attack
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
