Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors. After landing on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice, the crew has met up at the ruins of Dr. Vegapunk's Laboratory, but...
Sanji: What did you say?!  The Samurai left?!
Brook: Yes.
Sanji: Dammit!
Brook: Just a short while ago, I told him about a fellow I met who's nothing but a torso. He wanted to know where I had met him...
Sanji: That goddamn asshole.
Narrator: So Sanji, Brook, and Zoro headed off to the lake to search for the samurai.
Kid: What happened?  Sind?  Are you hurt?
Nami: Mocha! What's happening to all of you?
Chopper: NHC-10.  That's what I found in the kids' bodies. There were only faint traces, but this is... a narcotic!
Sind: Candy!  Candy! Strawhat man. You'll bring me the candy?
Luffy: I can't.  If Chopper says you can't have it, then you can't have it. He's our doctor.  Trust him!
Sind: Didn't you say that you'd bring me some?!
Usopp: Great.  They're asleep.
Narrator: Luffy decided to take the children back to their parents, and to meet with the one who's running the experiment, Master.
Law: What about Straw-Hatter?
Caesar: Monet says that we should take appropriate caution when dealing with the Straw Hat Pirates. That's why I chose to send the duo after them.
Title: The Crew Obliterated! The Legendary Hit Men Attack!
Nami: We have no idea when they're gonna come after us, so come back as soon as possible!
Usopp: Remember how strong you are!  You're a robot now!
Chopper: Hopefully that Master-fellow will have an explanation for the kids' situation, but I doubt it.
Franky: If he doesn't explain, we'll force an answer out of him! I'll cram my hands down his nose and rattle his molars 'til he squeals!
Robin: Franky, quit speaking.
Luffy: Alright, time to go!
Nami: Come back soon!
Chopper: Be careful!
Nami: By the way, why is he sleeping too?
Rock: It's me.  Right off the top, we took care of three of them. Pirate Hunter Zoro. The Cat Burglar. The Soul King. You'll find the corpses at the bottom of a cliff in zone F-16. We'll leave the disposal to you.
Voice: You killed them?
Scotch: Isn't that why we're here?
Voice: Well... I guess it's...
Scotch: If you don't want people to die, then don't call us!
Voice: S-Sorry!  Master said either way was...
Rock: Hey, hey.  Don't get hot under the collar.
Scotch: Woops, I slipped.
Rock: Let's go, coolly.
Voice: Please continue with the contract.
Caesar: Did you hear that?  They're already dead, Monet.
Monet: I see. How unexpected. The Straw Hat Pirates are members of the Worst Generation, the same as Law. The government is keeping just as close an eye on them as they are on Blackbeard. The newspapers made grand claims that they had completely recovered, so I thought they'd be more impressive. Don't you agree, Law? You know them, don't you? Two years ago at Sabaody, and again at Marineford... You've gotten involved with Straw Hat twice.
Caesar: What? Does this mean that you called them here?
Law: Didn't I already tell you this? Until we crossed paths at the entrance, I had no idea that you'd locked them in the laboratory. If I had known, I would have warned you. Don't let your guard down just because you've locked them in a room. Because of your naivety, I wasn't able to bluff the Navy into going away. I don't want what's going on here to leak out any more than you do.
Gasmask: Master!
Caesar: I'm doing an experiment.  Call later.
Gasmask: But a Warlord's here!
Caesar: What? You're going to stay on Punk Hazard?
Law: It took a lot of effort for me to get to this island since it can't be reached with a Log. I did it because there was a hidden Government facility here.
Caesar: What's your objective?
Law: Since Dr. Vegapunk formerly used this lab, there should still be evidence of what the World Government is up to. That is to say, projects that they're working on today should have started here. Anyway, as long as I'm free to walk around the island and laboratory, that'll be sufficient. I can help you out around here, as well. Neither of us has to get involved in the other's business.  Of course, don't tell anyone that I'm here. Not even Joker.
Caesar: You seem very well informed!  How do you know about him?
Law: Would you prefer it if I was an ignorant fool that didn't know what he was doing?
Caesar: Well now, aren't we two birds of a feather? We can't trust each other, but your proposition seems harmless. Right, Monet?
Monet: From North Blue, the Surgeon of Death. You have the Ope Ope Fruit ability.  I see that you're a doctor. On this island, there are many ex-convicts who lost the use of their legs to the poison gas. Can you help them?
Caesar: Well, if you'd actually called for help, I imagine you'd have been more clever about it. You went through all of the effort of ingratiating yourself to the Government and becoming a Warlord, so I suppose you wouldn't try to expose this island. Sorry.
Law: A moment ago... you said that if you left the kids from the Biscuits Room alone, they'd come back. What did you mean by that?
Caesar: Every day I give them a drug-laced candy. It's sweet and fizzy to the taste... and releases an intoxicating gas into the mouth. They're all addicted to it. I can't have them going back home, after all.
Law: You're twisted, alright. Reminds me of a certain someone.
Monet: Aren't you going to join the battle with the Navy?
Law: If you need me, call me. I'll cut the head off of anyone you need.
Caesar: It's hard to handle people who are so sharp.
Nami: How far away did Zoro's group go?
Chopper: He's got Sanji and Brook with him, so they shouldn't have any problems around the mountain. What's that?!
Nami: There it is again!  What is going on?!
Chopper: This isn't an earthquake. Are we under attack?  It's an enemy!
Luffy: What's this?
Franky: It's a footprint.
Usopp: Is it an animal? If it's human then they're the size of a giant. Was that an explosion?
Robin: It's in the direction we came from.
Franky: Could it have something to do with whoever made this footprint?
Luffy: There's something out there, alright. They feel like monsters.  Two of 'em! Let's go back!  Nami and Chopper are in trouble!
Usopp: Y-Yeah!
Chopper: Oh no!  If this place collapses, the children will...
Nami: Luffy!  Come back here!
Chopper: They'll never make it in time! The two of us have to deal with this!
Nami: Can you see them, Chopper? How many enemies are there?  What are they like?
Chopper: There's... nobody out here at all!
Nami: There's no way.
Rock: Well then, it's time to start the party.
Rock+Scotch: So cool!
Nami: What are we going to do?!
Chopper: Where are they?
Brownbeard: Ow, ow, ow, ow... Oh, I fell asleep. It's getting noisy out there. Is somebody here to save me? Law?  Master? No, this is the snow mountain... so it's got to be them!
Nami: Hey, Brownie!  You know something. Who's coming? You'd better answer, or else I'll do this! Beam! Beam!  Beam!  Beam!  Beam! Beam!  Beam!  Beam!  Beam! Beam!  Beam!  Beam!  Beam! Beam!  Beam!  Beam!  Beam!
Chopper: You're disrespecting the beam!
Brownbeard: Searching for them is pointless. They never show themselves. Even we don't know what their faces look like. But once you hire them and give them their money, they always get the kill. All we know about them is that their feet are huge, but their voices are quiet. Oh, and another thing we know is that they are giant beast-men covered in fur! They're the hit man duo who appear in blizzards on the mountain. Oh yeah, we also know their names, Rock and Scotch. People call them... the Yeti Cool Brothers! They were born in an undisclosed snowy country, and their ages are-
Nami: You know loads of stuff about them!
Brownbeard: But nobody knows what they look like. They're both gigantic and powerful! They've come to save me. You're already on their hit list.
Scotch: Brownbeard? You're on the hit list as well.
Chopper: What's with this guy?! He's huge, but I didn't hear him at all!
Brownbeard: Wha?!  Are you Rock?
Scotch: I'm Scotch.
Brownbeard: I thought you said something ridiculous. I must have misheard you. I nearly had a heart attack. Master must have contracted you to save me? So hurry up and free me from these chains, then kill the Straw Hat-
Scotch: You didn't mishear me.  Master put a hit on you.
Brownbeard: There's no way!
Scotch: Listen to this.
Caesar: Oh, and that guy... What was his name again?
Brownbeard: That voice!
Caesar: He went and got himself captured. That stupid hairy-faced man... He was famous for being an idiot. Ohhh right, Brownbeard.
Brownbeard: Eh, Master?!
Chopper: That's him?
Caesar: He's an idiot so he's easy to use, but he has become a burden. We don't need him anymore. Kill him.
Usopp: Hey, look!  There's smoke!
Luffy: Nami!  Chopper!  Are you okay?!
Scotch: Answer me.  You're Brownbeard, aren't you?
Caesar: You did well to make it this far. You're all better now.  You can relax.
Brownbeard: Who are you?
Law: Stay still for a second.
Brownbeard: What's this?
Caesar: Those are your new legs.
Brownbeard: I don't believe it.
Caesar: Good work.
Brownbeard: Master!  Today was quiet, as normal!
Caesar: I see.  Brownbeard, you are a most reliable guard.
Brownbeard: Oh, not at all. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I don't believe it! Master!
Scotch: Don't be so hot-headed.  Die coolly.
Rock: Hey Scotch.
Chopper: There's another one!
Rock: Quit shooting. You'll bring this place down and kill the kids.
Scotch: Oh.  That wouldn't be cool.
Chopper: Brownbeard!
Nami: How terrible!  Their own ally!
Rock: Look there, the captain has come back. Taking them out comes first.
Usopp: What's that?  They're huge!
Franky: Giants?
Robin: No, they look a little bit different.
Luffy: You better not have hurt my crew! Wha... He's gone!
Chopper: Luffy!
Luffy: Are you okay?!
Chopper: Sorry!  They got Nami!
Scotch: This is the only one that we're supposed to capture alive.
Rock: A robot with Vegapunk's laser, huh?
Scotch: Now we can kill everyone else.
Rock: Okay.  Let's enjoy the hunt as much as possible.
Scotch: Coolly.
Tashigi: The other squad should have taken a ship by now. Explosions?
Marine: It's an ambush!
Smoker: So it won't be so easy? Let's go!
Gasmask: Huh?
Gasmask2: Law-san, where are you headed?
Gasmask: We just ran into the Navy not too far from here!
Law: I don't care. Where I go... is my business.
Narrator: Luffy and his group chase after the unseen hit men to get Nami back. But a clever trap has been set for them on the snowy mountain. Then the Cool Brothers attack over and over again. Luffy finds himself in a tight spot, but then Law appears and makes a shocking move!
Luffy: Next time, on One Piece:
Luffy+Title: Save Nami! Luffy's Battle on the Snowy Mountain
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
