Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors. The crew has landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. After finding out about inhumane experiments being run by the island's ruler, Master, or Caesar Clown, Luffy went to find out what his true intentions are. Meanwhile, his crewmates had split up.
Luffy: What's this?
Franky: It's a footprint.
Usopp: Is it an animal? If it's human then they're the size of a giant.
Luffy: There's something out there, alright. They feel like monsters.  Two of 'em!
Nami: What are we going to do?!
Chopper: Where are they?
Brownbeard: Law?  Master? No, this is the snow mountain... so it's got to be them! They're the hit man duo who appear in blizzards on the mountain.
Scotch: Brownbeard? You're on the hit list as well.
Luffy: You better not have hurt my crew! Wha... He's gone!
Chopper: Sorry!  They got Nami!
Usopp: Nami's been kidnapped?
Chopper: It's my fault. They were huge, but I still didn't notice them until they were right in front of us.
Usopp: First it's centaurs, now it's beastmen?! This island's crawling with weirdos.
Robin: Maybe they're testing us for weaknesses.
Luffy: So, they didn't come to rescue Brown-gator?
Chopper: Their true objective seemed to be the children, and our lives! But it sounded like Master hired them to silence Brownbeard first. Even though they're supposed to be friends. Even though Brownbeard admired Master so much.
Brownbeard: Master is the kind-hearted god of salvation.
Chopper: Luffy, Master really is a twisted individual. I would never let the children go back to such a cruel person! I'm also worried about Nami-Franky, who got kidnapped. Who knows what they could be doing to her?!
Luffy: Yeah, we're definitely getting her back. Okay, I'll leave the kids to you!
Franky: Hold it, Luffy! It was my body that they took. Chopper, I can't fight in this body. Gimme some of those beans that you use to transform. The beans that make you a monster.
Chopper: Beans?  The Rumble Ball is a dangerous drug! It'd probably be impossible for you to control it!
Franky: I'll super-overcome that with fighting spirit! Just hurry up and gimme 'em! We don't have time for pointless talk!
Chopper: I guess we have to. Okay, but just one. Wha?!  They were in my pocket!
Usopp: Well, Chopper normally carries them.
Chopper: Got it?  You can only be a monster for three minutes. After that, you won't be able to fight. If possible, just use Kung-fu Point which I showed you earlier.
Franky: Vvvvvvvvuper!
Chopper: Too soon!
Luffy: Let's go, Franky.  This way! Why are you attacking me?!
Chopper: It's no good!  I knew he'd go berserk!
Usopp: So... what was Franky planning to do?
Chopper: After the rampage he won't be able to move, so I don't think he'll be much help... at all.
Robin: He's just going to be in the way.
Caesar: I don't know where he got it, but it seems that the metal man Franky installed one of Vegapunk's lasers into his body. I bet I could put Vegapunk's invention to good use. After we dissect him and take the laser system, there'll be no other use for him. Might as well throw him in the incinerator.
Gasmask: Understood.
Caesar: And can you tell me what happened to those stupid Marines who came to take a ship?
Gasmask: Y-Yes, sir. The ambush was a success, but...
Caesar: Yes?
Marine: What the hell is he?
Marine2: A human... No, a horse?
Smoodge: Kill 'em all!
Marine: You won't kill me so easily!
Fanbock: There's more over here.
Marines: What?!
Chappe: Get some!
Marine: They have more coming?!
Marine2: This is bad!
Marine: There's nowhere to run.
Smoker: Change of plans! We'll put all our strength into commandeering a ship!
Marine: Captain-ch... No, Smoker-san!
Gasmask: And now, the battle has become quite chaotic.
Caesar: So... you're saying that you can't handle it?
Gasmask: Well, you see...
Caesar: Oh, I know just the thing!
Gasmask: Master?
Caesar: We are fighting the Navy. This is a perfect situation to put him to the test. Oh, that's good.  Let's do that. Immediately contact the centaurs that are out on patrol.
Gasmask: Yes, sir!
Caesar: And tell the rest of the soldiers to use this time to evacuate. If they want to live, that is.
Nami: Lemme go!  Lemme go, you idiot! What are you perverts doing?! Why are you kidnapping me? Although I am cute, and proportioned, so I understand why you would want to kidnap me.
Rock: What is this man saying?
Scotch: He must be queer.  Pretty cool.
Nami: But it doesn't matter what you do! Luffy won't let you get away! You're gonna get beaten to a pulp!
Rock: Shut up now.  People who talk too much...
Scotch: are not cool.
Rock: But apparently, the weapon that's built into your body...
Scotch: is cool.
Rock: And when we hand you over to Master, the reward will be...
Scotch+Rock: so cool!
Rock: But it's really cold today.
Scotch: Yeah, our bodies are too cool.
Nami: Put some clothes on!
Rock: With the difference in size between us, these rifles are like cannons to you.
Scotch: We have poison-gas bullets, too. And if we don't show ourselves then there's no way to defeat us. You got friends coming?  Of course you do. We arranged for them to come here! It's only natural that they'll follow our footsteps.
Luffy: Footsteps!  Footsteps!  Man, this is great! It's so easy to see where they're going. Hey!  Franky!  I said to cut it out! Huh? The footsteps disappeared. Huh?
Nami: Luffy?  And Chopper... No, that's Franky!
Luffy: Nami!
Nami: Watch out!  There are enemies here!
Rock: Let's go, Scotch.
Scotch: Okay. He must be pretty thick if he didn't even notice the cliff.
Luffy: There's spikes below!
Rock: This is almost too easy.
Scotch: The ice spikes will pierce him!
Luffy: Color of Arms - Hardening
Rock: I see. I guess the normal tricks won't be enough.
Luffy: They must be the same guys from before. He disappeared again!
Rock: Fool, this snowy mountain is our playground.
Scotch: The entire landscape is nothing but hiding spots for us!
Rocktaur: Master said that it should be around here. That's a pretty huge building.
Gotaur: A warehouse?
Rocktaur: It's a bit unsettling. This is the door. Okay, let's open it. It's stuck. Hey, gimme a hand. Did you hear something, just now?
Centaur: You probably just imagined it. Hey, they told us not to go near this place, right? Is it really okay to open it now?
Rocktaur: Master gave us the order to open it. Are you doubting Master?
Centaur: N-No, that's not it at all!
Rocktaur: Then quit complaining and help.
Luffy: They're big, but they're fast. That's it!
Rock: Dead end!
Luffy: Using this technique to deflect attacks in random directions isn't much good in a fight. Rayleigh taught me that. Instead, turn it into a counterattack by sending every bullet back at your enemy with double power! Gun Salute
Scotch: Rock!
Nami: He did it!
Luffy: I said cut it out, Franky!
Nami: Why is he the one giving you the most trouble here?!
Rock: Now I'm hot and bothered. They're fighting amongst themselves? They're underestimating us!
Luffy: Quit it!
Scotch: I'll show you! The frozen mountain has all kinds of weapons!
Nami: Look out!  The frozen summit's falling! Luffy!  Franky!  Look up!  Up!
Rock: You won't be able to dodge that block of ice after I'm done!
Nami: They're attacking from the sides!  Enemies!
Rock: This KYP gas-bullet will knock you out instantly! Die, just like your other friends!
Nami: He did something useful!
Luffy: Great job, Franky! Hey, gimme a break!
Nami: That's the strongest attack you've used today! Luffy!
Luffy: Dammit!  Sorry, Franky-Chopper. I'll have Chopper look at your injuries later. Stop right there!
Scotch: I thought we told you. The mountain is our playground. It's impossible to catch me.
Nami: Save me!
Luffy: Nami!
Scotch: He doesn't give up.  But he can't match my reach.
Luffy: He's like a monkey. Alright! Dammit.  The mountain's huge, so if he gets away then it'll be impossible to find him.
Nami: Him?
Scotch: Well, if it isn't Trafalgar Law, the freeloader. It's a good thing I ran into you.  Right now, Straw Hat Luffy is... What the hell do you think you're doing?
Nami: Thank you! Wait... Hey, you!  Gimme my body back!
Luffy: Nami!
Nami: Luffy!
Luffy: Oh, it's Traf!  So you saved Nami?
Law: I've been thinking. There's something I'd like to discuss with you, Straw-Hatter. It may have been just a coincidence that you came to this island, but there's actually a key hidden here.  One with the power to throw the entire New World into chaos. There are two ways to survive in the New World. Either be protected by one of the Four Emperors, or fight all of them. You're not the kind of guy who'll serve under someone else, are you?
Luffy: That's right.  I prefer being the captain!
Law: Then, form an alliance with me.
Luffy: An alliance?
Law: If you and I work together, we might be able to do it. I've got a plan to dethrone one of the Four Emperors.
Narrator: Law wants to overthrow one of the Emperors. The rest of the crew is understandably shaken by this surprising plan, but Luffy's answer is even more surprising to the crew... and Law himself. While this is happening, Caesar begins his most evil scheme of all time.
Luffy: Next time, on One Piece:
Luffy+Title: It's Formed! A Pirate Alliance between Luffy and Law!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
