Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: The crew has landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. After finding out about inhumane experiments run by the island's ruler, Master, or Caesar Clown, they went to find out what his true intentions are.
Luffy: An alliance?
Law: I've got a plan to dethrone one of the Four Emperors.
Nami: An alliance? Are you suggesting that if we work together we could defeat one of the Four Emperors? That's ridiculous!  I don't know what you're after, but... Luffy, don't fall for his fast talk.
Law: I didn't say we'd be able to do it now. But if we play our cards right we should eventually be able to create an opportunity. What's your answer, Straw-Hatter?
Luffy: Which one of the Four Emperors are you talking about?
Nami: Hold on, Luffy!  Why are you listening to him? You can't trust someone like him!
Law: The target is...
Luffy: I see. Okay!  We're in!
Nami: What?! Whaaaaat?!
Usopp+Chopper: Whaaaat?! We're forming an alliance with the Heart Pirates?!
Usopp: You just went to get Nami back, so how did it come to such a crazy deal?!
Luffy: Like I said-
Usopp: I won't be able to sleep at night if we form an alliance with such an enigmatic, unpredictable bastard!
Nami: Come on Luffy, everybody's against it. We don't have to do it. There's no reason to do something this dangerous. We should continue our voyage at our own pace.
Chopper: That's right, Luffy! It's far too soon to try to take on the Four Emperors! There's no way we could fight them.
Law: So what about this raccoon dog?
Chopper: I'm not a raccoon dog anymore! Whaa?! It's me!
Franky: S-Super...
Chopper: What happened to me?!
Robin: Luffy... I'll follow your decision, but... pirate alliances and betrayal go hand in hand. They might not be suited for someone as overly trusting as you.
Luffy: Hey, you gonna betray me?
Law: Nope.
Usopp: Hey!  Try to be a little skeptical!
Luffy: Anyway, I think a pirate alliance sounds like a lot of fun! I think Traf's a good guy... but even if he isn't, there's no need to worry! You guys have trained a lot in the past two years and can back me up.
All: Whaaa?!
Usopp: Luffy, you...
Nami: Oh, cut it out!  It's embarrassing.
Franky: Hey, you can super-rely on us.
Chopper: We do manage to help out every now and then... but it's not like we're happy, you jerk!
Usopp: Alright then, Luffy!  You can rely on us! If Zoro and the others chicken out, I will convince them!
Luffy: I'm counting on all of you!
Franky: I'm back!  Back in my perfect body! Yep, being me is best for me! Super!
Robin: That's great, Franky. I hope you never wind up back in Chopper's body, ever again.
Chopper: I'm also... back to normal. But how could you leave my body all broken?! What the hell were you thinking, treating other people's bodies like this?!
Luffy+Franky: Oh, sorry. It's all his fault.
Luffy: What?! You were the one rampaging in Chopper's body! My only choice was to stop you! But still, you didn't have to use an attack powerful enough to take out the kraken!
Chopper: You're both just as bad!
Luffy+Frank: Oh, sorry.
Nami: Isn't it enough just to be in your own body, Chopper? Why am I the only one who has to bear this pain?! First Franky's body and now Sanji-kun.
Luffy: Nami turned into Sanji!
Usopp: It looks good on you!
Nami: Don't laugh at others' expense!  I can't believe you!
Usopp: There's nothing we can do. We have Chopper and Franky's bodies, so their souls can return to the right places... but Sanji took your body to search for the samurai. Your soul was left over, so it had to go into Sanji's body.
Nami: Can't you do anything?  Come on!
Law: It's impossible without a body. So these are the children?
Luffy: Yeah, I wanna save these kids.
Caesar: Every day I give them this drug-laced candy.
Law: They're more trouble than they're worth.  Leave 'em. Apparently they're all addicted to drugs.
Chopper: We know that!  I examined them! That's why I want to take them back to their homes, but it'll take time to get the drug out of their system. And they've been turned into giants too.
Usopp: What a terrible experiment they performed on them
Law: They've been researching how to turn humans into giants for centuries. The project was run by the World Government.
Robin: The Government?  Why would they do such a thing?
Law: Most likely to make soldiers. Nobody could stand against the Government if they turned all of their soldiers into giants. If Caesar successfully perfects the process then he would trump the Government and Vegapunk... but of course it isn't an easy thing to do. You really want to save them? They're just some random kids from here and there.
Nami: Yes.  Maybe we've never met or even seen these kids before... but the kids cried and begged that we save them. Master may have done a good job of tricking them to bring them here, but some of the older children are already realizing that this facility isn't exactly what it seems. Until I make sure that these kids are safe, I will never leave this island!
Law: So, are you planning to stay here by yourself?
Luffy: We don't leave anybody behind. Nami and Chopper want to do it, so I'll help them. Oh, and Sanji went to put the samurai back together. If you're going to be allied with us then you gotta help us out.
Usopp: Jeez, I knew you had no idea what was going on. The "alliance" he asked you to form... only means that we're working together for the sole purpose of achieving a certain objective, right?
Law: Naturally.
Usopp: That's what you meant, but when Luffy hears the word "alliance" he thinks of something else.
Luffy: Like friends, right?
Usopp: If you thought you could get him to follow some plan, that isn't gonna happen.
Luffy: Yep, that's right.
Usopp: Once he gets some wild idea, he won't budge. That's the problem with Luffy.  It's always like this. In terms of self-centered stubbornness, Luffy's on par with the Four Emperors.
Luffy: Wow, that sounds terrible.
Law: But what your crew member is currently trying to do has absolutely nothing to do with our-
Chopper: Hey!  Don't flick boogers on me, you asshole!
Luffy: Oh, my bad!
Chopper: I can't even dodge when I'm like this!
Luffy: My bad.
Law: Oh, all right.  We don't have time to argue. You guys can take care of the samurai yourselves. I'll investigate the drug that was administered to the children. Which one of you is the doctor? Come with me.  We'll have to distract Caesar.
Usopp: Okay, this should do it.
Chopper: Sorry.  I can't move right now so I'll have to rely on you.
Luffy: Don't drop him, Traf!
Nami: Sorry... can't stop... laughing!
Franky: Super-cute!
Usopp: We're counting on you, Chopper.
Chopper: Leave it to me.
Cenaturs: Heave! Heave!
Rocktaur: Alright, it's opening! Heave!
Gotaur: Just what is this warehouse for, anyway? What's that?
Kentaur: It's too dark to see in here.
Rocktaur: What ha-
Chopper: You're not upset?
Law: It should be clear from the actions of the two assassins... Caesaro plans to kill both you and White Hunter's G-5, and then take the kids back. He'll keep coming until he gets what he wants. Four years ago, as a former Government scientist, he was judged a criminal after the accident. If word gets out that there are people on this island, which is supposed to be off-limits to everyone, then he'll lose this perfect hideout. That's why he'll do everything he can to kill you. He has a bounty of 300 million beli. He possesses weapons of mass destruction as well as the powers of the Gas Gas Fruit, a logia-type. That's the Caesar Clown we're dealing with.
Nami: 300 million...
Law: People who can't wield haki should definitely stay away from him. He isn't your average scientist.
Luffy: Our haki-users are me, Zoro, and Sanji. And you, I guess.
Law: That should be enough. I'll head to the laboratory first.
Luffy: Then when we get there, we'll all kidnap Master together.
Law: That's right.
Franky: But... what do you mean by kidnap?
Usopp: For ransom?  But wouldn't Master have the money? If you kidnap him, who's going to pay us?
Law: The objective isn't money.  It's confusion.
Robin: Confusion?
Franky: What do you mean?
Law: There's no point in talking about it, until we succeed. Anyways, focus on capturing Caesar Clown. It won't be easy. When the time comes, I'll lay out the entire plan to everyone. But once we succeed in capturing Caesar, the situation's naturally going to be chaotic. When that happens, there's no turning back. I guess this is our last chance to change our minds.
Luffy: It's fine.  I'll work with you.
Law: In that case, I also accept your wishes. Make sure to convince the rest of your crew as well.
Luffy: Yeah, got it.
Marine: Take this!  You damn monster!
Tashigi: Iron-joint Smoodge! Fein Bock the Gourd! Chappe the Rope-puller! Smoker-san! There's no doubt, these are all former prisoners. Though their bodies have been changed.
Smoker: What is this?! The accident report from four years ago said that none of the prisoners survived.  Was that a lie?
Marine: Smo-san, who are these guys?!
Smoker: Hell if I know! Just focus on drawing the enemy inland for now! We will get on board that ship, and set sail to make our report!
Gasmask: Master, the Snail Phone's ringing.
Caesar: No need to answer it. They're going to say, "We opened the door." And then, "Something came out of it." "Some of our men died.  Save us." And then screams. It's hard on the ears. We have more than enough people like that. We can always capture more test subjects.
Rocktaur: Can you hear me?!  Master!  Can you hear me?! Please come in! This is the Burning Lands! We opened the door, just like you said! It's no use!  Master isn't answering!
Centaur: It's coming! What the hell is that thing that came out of the warehouse?
Rocktaur: We've already lost too many men.  Just run!
Gotaur: W-Which way?!
Rocktaur: Th-This way! It's as big as a mountain!  What the hell is that blob?!
Gotaur: It's right behind us!  Save us!
Rocktaur: Master!
Caesar: Let me introduce my pet. It's an extremely rare life-form, a slime. No one will make it off this island alive! How's it feel to be free after so long? Smiley!
Narrator: Caesar has created the most horrible weapon in history. While its fearsome nature is gradually revealed, the Straw Hat Pirates attempt to capture Caesar. But Luffy's actions cause the situation to take an unexpected turn.
Luffy: Next time, on One Piece:
Luffy+title: Capture Master! The Pirate Alliance Initiates Their Plan!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
