Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: The Straw Hat Pirates have landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. After finding out about inhumane experiments being run by the island's ruler, Master, or Caesar Clown, they went to find out what his true intentions are. During this journey, Luffy received an unexpected proposition from Trafalgar Law.
Usopp+Chopper: We're forming an alliance with the Heart Pirates?!
Luffy: When we get there, we'll all kidnap Master together.
Law: I guess this is our last chance to change our minds.
Luffy: It's fine.  I'll work with you.
Caesar: How's it feel to be free after so long? Smiley!
title: Capture Master! The Pirate Alliance Initiates Their Plan!
Zoro: I guess... I must have hit my head when we fell.
Brook: Me too, my head hurts quite a bit.
Sanji: I can't believe we lost him. I wonder if the samurai's still okay.
Zoro: Says the guy who took us on a massive detour.
Sanji: All of us just followed the path, didn't we?!
Brook: Sadly we never managed to find the abominable snowman, even after searching. But I'll never forget those shadows I saw.
Zoro: It wasn't the abominable snowman.  Don't get carried away. You said the whole thing was just an ambush, didn't you?
Brook: I did not!
Zoro: Yeah, ya did.
Brook: I did not.
Zoro: Well, I'm still not a believer.
Sanji: I believe they exist!
Brook: I believe that I need more evidence before I decide.
Sanji: Wow, that's a very good position to take. You really are mature.
Brook: Well, I have been alive and dead for many years.
Zoro: Indecision is a sign of weakness.
Brook: What? Hey!  Samurai-san!  Where are you?
Zoro: If only we could find his sandal prints.
Sanji: They're heavy! Running makes my chest feel so heavy!
Zoro: Don't you want to save the samurai?!
Sanji: Nope!
Brook: What a romantic scene.
Zoro: I don't care what happens to you!
Sanji: Hey, don't you dare hurt Nami's beautiful body!
Brook: Hey, both of you!  Please come look at this! Footprints!
Zoro: Sandal footprints?
Brook: No, that's not it.
Sanji: Centaur hoofprints, then?
Brook: No! Th-This is... You don't suppose these could be the footprints of the legendary abominable snowman?!
Zoro+Sanji: Hey now, how can you say something so stupid?
Sanji: Wow, really?! Mysterious footprints on a snow covered mountain?!
Brook: They're huge, aren't they?!  I can't believe it! And they're fresh! If we follow them, then...
Group: we'll solve a mystery of the unknown!
Sanji: A dead end?
Brook: What are they?  There are giant shadows behind us!
Sanji: Could it be the abominable-
Zoro: What's this gas?!
Sanji: It'th like I'm drunk or somethin... Thuddenly my tung feelth all heabby... An' I'b sleepy...
Brook: C-C-Could dis be an ambuth?
Rock: No matter how good your alcohol tolerance, if you breath KYP gas... you will experience a drunken state and overwhelming drowsiness.
Scotch: And at the bottom of the cliff is zone F-16. You will not be able to escape the ice spikes!
Rock: So these three fall first.
Zoro: Spikes?! Hey, guys! T-That was close.
Rock: The corpses should be at the bottom of a cliff in zone F-16. I'll leave the disposal to you.
Gasmask: This is zone F-16.  We found the three Straw Hat pirates exactly where they were reported to be. We'll dispose of the corpses now.
Sanji: Who're you calling a corpse?
Gasmask: What?!  She's alive!
Gas2: But it's only one woman against all of us-
Sanji: I don't care how many of you third-rate weaklings there are. It's all the same to me! I gotta be careful. After all, this is the body of the delicate Nami-san. It'd be a crime to leave any scars on it. Forgive me, Nami-san.  Just one cig. Now then. Get up, you idiots! Anyway, the time for mysteries of the unknown is over. So, is this the area the samurai went?
Brook: Yes. I presume he's searching for his torso somewhere around the lake.
Sanji: Well, we're almost to the lake.
Brook: Samurai-san!
Sanji: Hey!  Samurai! Get out here, Samurai! Samurai! Were you killed in battle? Get out here!  You okay? Samurai!
Brook: Do you hear me, Samurai-san?! I really wonder where he went.
Zoro: Do you think he got his torso and went off to find that kid of his? Huh? Isn't this the samurai?! What the... he's frozen!
Sanji: Hey, hey!
Kinemon: Cold!
Sanji: Hey, are you okay? Did somebody attack you?
Kinemon: For some unknown reason, I was frozen and on the verge of meeting my demise!
Sanji: You mean you were freezing to death in the blizzard?!
Kinemon: No!  I-I-I-It is not even remotely cold!
Sanji: Damn you're stubborn!
Kinemon: A warrior does not feel cold!
Zoro: Man, this guy's a pain. Put some clothes on! Isn't your power the ability to create clothes?!
Kinemon: A-Actually, because of that magic, I have a weak point. I-I can't claim to be a strong swimmer...
Sanji: You sink!  Everyone knows that!
Kinemon: S-So it seems that my torso... has f-fallen in water.
Sanji: In water?
Kinemon: I-I'm certain! I can feel that my torso's underwater...
Sanji: I see.  So that's why you were laying here freezing. If your body's in the water, then you can't use your ability.
Zoro: If it's in water, then do you think that maybe it fell in that lake, Brook?
Brook: I would think so. I heard that the lake's technically part of the ocean.
Zoro: If he's still alive, then that means the sharks haven't gotten it yet. But we have no idea what else is in that lake. We'd better pull it out as fast as possible.
Brook: Yes, let's hurry.
Kinemon: I-If it's in the lake... then I'll have to dive for it...
Sanji: We get it!  You swim like a hammer, right? Bungling samurai.
Kinemon: You're pirates, aren't you?! Why would you go so far to help someone you've never met before?
Sanji: I told you, I know the difference between right and wrong! And I wanna settle our fight after I put you back together! I'm gonna give you a beating.
Kinemon: F-Forgive me. I'm indebted to you.
Sanji: Oh, so I see you learned how to express gratitude. I guess some people improve with a little freezing now and again. What's that?
Brook: I was wondering myself. Th-That's... Brownbeard-san's underling-taurs, whom we stripped of clothes!
Centaur1: Pull yourself together!  You gotta run!
Centaur2: Get away from the lake!
Centaur1: There's a monster on the other side!
Centaur2: We have to report it to Master! Where could something like that have been hiding on this island?!
Centaur1: Just run!  The monster's coming!
Zoro: Huh?  A monster?  Aren't you guys all monsters?
Centaur1: It's those damned thieving pirates from before!
Centaur2: Dammit, that's my coat!
Centaur1: Leave the coat!  Run!  Just get back to the laboratory!
Centaur2: Those guys took out the boss!
Centaurs: We won't forget!
Sanji: What was that about?
Brook: I have no idea.
Zoro: Hey, Brook.  They were coming from the direction of the lake, weren't they?
Brook: Whoa!  That's right!  You actually got that right! That's amazing, Zoro-san! But why are you looking like that?
Zoro: Well, I don't quite remember... there being a mountain there.
Brook: Hmm... a mountain? W-What is that thing?!
Caesar: Smiley is the explosion that destroyed Punk Hazard four years ago, a living chemical weapon! I developed a poison gas bomb, H2S. All my hard work was rewarded when it killed an entire island in the blink of an eye! Did they really believe that I would just destroy all the gas on the island? No! Who would waste such a precious thing? I compressed it and turned it into a monster! A monster named Smiley! This island was an unlivable hellscape due to what enveloped it! People can forget such tragedies all too quickly, but it hasn't gone anywhere! It's still right here in the palm of my hand!
Nami: I'll never let them go back. Who would make children addicted to drugs so they couldn't run away from his experiments? I'll never let Master get away with this!
Luffy: Alright, then we gotta hurry up and kidnap Master!
Franky: That's right. It'll be hard to coordinate if we wait around.
Luffy: I won't be late. I've got a good idea.
Robin: What is it?
Luffy: A greaaat idea!
Marine: They've captured the ship!
Marine2: Stop the ship!
Smoker: Quit playing around!  Hurry and wrap it up!
Tashigi: S-Smoker-san!  How do I change back to normal?
Smoker: You're in the way!  Just sit there and be quiet! Don't you have the door open yet?! Our enemy is inside the lab. We can't just waste time out here until we die!
Soldier: It's no use!  The door won't budge an inch, Smo-san!
Smoker: What a load of crap. If only I had my body, breaking into this place wouldn't be a problem.
Chopper: Your power really is useful! Did we just teleport?
Law: Get into the bag and stay quiet. We're already at the back entrance of the lab. The main experiment room will have Caesaro and a woman in it. I'll get them out of there one way or another. When that happens, you investigate the drugs.
Chopper: But you're so strong and you can easily get close to Master. Why don't you just capture him yourself? Then I could have all the time in the world to investigate the drugs. I have my reasons for not doing that.  It's why I need your strength. Anyway, the faster you guys can kidnap Caesaro the better. Then I'll take care of the rest.
Marine: Hey!  Look at that!
Marine2: What is it?
Marine: Something's flying toward us!
Marine2: It's a giant bomb!
Marine: No, it's something else!
Luffy: Boom!
Marine: "Boom"?  Was that a person?
Franky: Damn! That was a pretty good shortcut!
Luffy: Master!  Get out here! I'm gonna kick your ass and kidnap you!
Robin: Luffy, you're supposed to keep that a secret.
Smoker: Straw Hat?!
Marine: It's the Straw Hat Pirates!
Chopper: Go, Luffy!
Law: That idiot. Who told him to take on the entire Navy?
Luffy: Where are you Master?!  Get out here!
Announcer: Luffy fights with the Navy unit G-5, led by Smoker. After an intense fight, they break into the laboratory. But no sooner do they open the door than Caesar's weapon of death, Smiley, rains down. This throws everyone into fear and chaos.
Luffy: Next time, on One Piece: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
