Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors. The Straw Hat Pirates have landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. After finding out about inhumane experiments being run by the island's ruler, Master, or Caesar Clown, they went to find out what his true intentions are. During their journey, the crew entered into an alliance with the Heart Pirates' captain, Trafalgar Law. And now Luffy is searching for Master, Caesar Clown.
Nami: I will never let them go back. Who would make children addicted to drugs so they couldn't run away from his experiments? I'll never let Master get away with this!
Marine: Hey!  Look at that!
Marine2: What is it?
Marine: Something's flying toward us!
Marine2: It's a giant bomb!
Marine: No, it's something else!
Luffy: Master!  Get out here! I'm gonna kick your ass and kidnap you!
Robin: Luffy, you're supposed to keep that a secret.
Smoker: Straw Hat?!
Chopper: Go, Luffy!
Law: That idiot. Who told him to take on the entire Navy?
Guy1: Did that bastard just say that he's going to kick our beloved Master's ass and kidnap him?!
Guy2: What a joke!  Kill the Straw Hat Pirates!
Tashigi: Smoker-san, what shall we do?
Smoker: Isn't it obvious? We're apprehending the Straw Hat Pirates.
Marine: Apprehend the Straw Hat Pirates!
Chopper: What should we do?
Law: Leave 'em. We're going in.
Chopper: Do you have a key? Oh, you can just teleport!
Law: Follow the plan exactly.
Chopper: Got it.  You'll leave with Caesar and the woman, and I'll use that time to investigate the drugs, right?
Luffy: We got here alright, but where's Master?
Robin: I doubt he'd hang around outside.
Luffy: Then where is he?
Franky: Probably inside the lab.
Luffy: I see. Then I guess we have to get through that giant door.
Robin: Let's go.
Tashigi: Straw Hat Luffy!
Luffy: Oh, Smoke-man!
Doran: Take these chains off me!
Cind: Hey!  Take the chains off!
Nami: It looks like they're going into withdrawal again. What should we do?
Usopp: We'll have to put 'em back to sleep.  One more shot!
Cind: The chains!
Usopp: What?!  The knockout star didn't work?!
Nami: I can't believe it!  What'll we do now?!
Usopp: This is bad! Looks like they finally fell asleep.
Nami: But it's losing its effect.
Usopp: Yeah, it's gonna be rough the next time they wake up.
Tashigi: Straw Hat Luffy! What are you plotting on this island?
Luffy: Smoke-man!  I'm so glad you're alright! It looked like you took a beating earlier, so I was worried.
Tashigi: Don't mock me.
Luffy: Huh?  Does your stomach hurt?  Are you constipated?
Tashigi: It flew!
Luffy: What's with you, Smoke-man?  You've gotten weak.
Tashigi: N-No, that's not it.  I'm...
Luffy: And besides, the way you've been talking has been weird, too.
Smoker: Hey, give me a damn break! Don't lose to him in my body!
Luffy: Huh, that weapon!
Smoker: So you're back on the seas, huh, Straw Hat? But I won't let you do as you please!
Luffy: I got hit! That's right... There's Sea Stone in that thing! When did Four-eyes get this strong? What was her name again?
Smoker: I'm Smoker!
Robin: Luffy, this is certainly Law's doing.
Luffy: Oh, they've swapped bodies.  I see. No wonder he's so weak. So that means... you're... Smoke-man?!
Smoker: What're you laughing at?! Fight me, Straw Hat! If you didn't do that, it wouldn't be any fun.
Franky: It's fun playing with these guys, but there's no end to them. Time to bust down that door and get into the lab! Let's go!
Smoker: I can't catch him!
Luffy: Our fight will have to wait 'til next time!
Smoker: What're you saying?
Luffy: There's no point to fighting if you aren't at full strength!
Smoker: Cocky bastard!
Luffy: See ya later, Smoke-man!
Centaur: They blew a hole in the door! Who is that guy?
Centaur2: Was that a laser?!
Franky: Luffy, Robin!  I busted the door open!  Let's go in!
Luffy: Wow, you work fast, Franky!
Marine: Smokey! Something strange is flying toward us!
Tashigi: There it is!
Smoker: What is it? What...
Tashigi: is that?
Marine?: Th-The ship's...
Smoker: What the hell is that?
Robin: Luffy, Franky, wait!
Marine: What is that?  It's moving.
Marine2: I'll take care of it!
Marine: Man, it's disgusting!
Marine2: Wh-What is it?
Marine: It's poison gas!  Get back!
Marine2: If you cut or shoot it, then poison gas comes out.
Marine: Get your gas masks on!  Hurry!
Luffy: Eh?  What is it?
Franky: Is it alive?
Robin: What could it possibly be?  I have no idea.
Smoker: Hey!  What the hell is it?
Marine: I don't know.  I've never seen anything like it.
Marine2: It fell from the sky, right?
Marine: Yeah, but it's moving.
Marine2: Man, it's creepy.
Marine: Is it alive?
Marine2: Look at that!
Marine: They're merging and growing bigger.
Marine2: We should just push it into the river.
Marine: Hey!  Don't do that!
Marine2: More poison gas!
Marine: Pull him out!
Marines: Heave, ho!
Marine2: Oh man...
Marine: My skin!  It hurts!  Do something!  Anybody!
Marine2: Hey, get a cloth or something!
Marine: I knew you shouldn't touch it!
Marine2: What'll we do?
Marine: I don't know!
Marine2: You guys can fall back!
Marine: This thing looks like it'd be weak against fire. Let's burn it down!
Marines: Yeah!
Marine: Take this!
Marine2: There ain't a creature alive that isn't afraid of fire!
Marine: Damn, you're smart.
Marine2: Kill it with fire!
Marine: I knew fire would work.  Serves you right!
Marine2: It's starting to burn!  It doesn't like it at all!
Marine: Get some!  Get some!  Get some!
Marine2: Alright!
Marine: Get some!
Smoker: My men!
Sheepman: What was that?
Gasmask: No clue.  First time I've ever seen anything like it. It's poisonous to touch, and it blows up if you burn it. I couldn't even tell if it was alive or not!
Centaur: Well, whatever it was... it's dead now.
Centaur2: Yeah, you're right.
Centaur: And what's more, the explosion took out the marines stealing the ship. It worked out pretty good for us!
Centaurs: It's back!
Luffy: Look at the sky!
Franky: Those are all the same as the first one?
Robin: There's so many of them.
Zoro: Is that thing alive?
Sanji: I have no idea.  I've never seen anything like it.
Kinemon: Nor have I.
Brook: It's amazing!  I can hardly believe my eyes. Oh, wait... I don't have any eyes.
Sanji: A mysterious thing...
Zoro: ...doing mysterious things.
Brook: Wow, it shot that one really high!
Kinemon: Could it, by any chance, be flying toward us? What could this possibly be?
Sanji: Man, it's disgusting.
Marine: They're falling like rain!
Marine2: Run away!  And don't touch them!
Tashigi: Smoker-san.  It's too dangerous to stay here. We need to find shelter.
Caesar: What a good boy! I'm sorry I had to lock you up for three years.
Sheep: Master!
Goat: Why are you out here?  It's too dangerous!
Smoker: I knew it. There's no doubt about it.  You're Caesar Clown!
Luffy: Are you this Master guy?
Caesar: Indeed I am. Get a good look at me, Straw Hat Pirate Crew and Navy G-5 division. I am the number one scientist in the world! Master Caesar Clown! It won't be long now. He doesn't like the water... so he's launching little pieces of himself over here so that he can get across the lake. From the Burning Lands to the Frozen Lands! Once every single piece has made it over here... you will get the full taste of... the living chemical weapon that is the explosion that laid waste to Punk Hazard four years ago. It turned this island into a landscape of death where nothing could survive! Behold a terror with the ability to erase an entire island! Behold the greatest scientist in the world who developed the weapon! Behold the magnificence of Master Caesar Clown!
Luffy: Gotcha!
Narrator: Luffy and Caesar Clown fight an intense battle with neither side giving a single inch. And after the end of the ferocious battle, just when Luffy thinks that he's captured Caesar, the fearsome nature of the Gas Gas Fruit reveals itself.
Luffy: Next time, on One Piece:
Luffy+title: A Ferocious Fight Caesar Reveals His True Strength!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
