Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors. The Straw Hat Pirates have landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. After finding out about inhumane experiments being run by the island's ruler, Master, or Caesar Clown, they went to find out what his true intentions are. During their journey, the crew entered into an alliance with the Heart Pirates' captain, Trafalgar Law.
Law: Follow the plan exactly.
Chopper: Got it.  You'll leave with Caesar and the woman, and I'll use that time to investigate the drugs, right?
Narrator: And Luffy went after Caesar Clown.
Caesar: You will get the full taste of... the living chemical weapon that is the explosion that laid waste to Punk Hazard four years ago. It turned this island into a landscape of death where nothing could survive! Behold a terror with the ability to erase an entire island! Behold the greatest scientist in the world who developed the weapon! Behold the magnificence of Master Caesar Clown!
Luffy: Gotcha!
Title: A Ferocious Fight Caesar Reveals His True Strength
Brook: I wonder, could that be a Slime?
Sanji: Slime?
Brook: Indeed.  I have read about them in books. That thing looks exactly like the monsters called Slimes that appeared in those books. I was fascinated by what I read! The monsters called Slimes tend to attack women... and their body fluids melt the women's clothes! Truly indecent monsters!
Sanji: Who would make up such a ridiculously convenient monster?! C-C-Could you lend me that book later?
Kinemon: And me!
Zoro: Hey idiots, take a good look.
Brook & Sanji: Pinky swear!
Zoro: I dunno if it melts your clothes or whatever, but touching it is probably bad. The fish are dying because of the body fluids that have fallen into the lake. Those things are clusters of poison. This whole lake will become toxic if we wait too long.
Sanji: Toxic?
Brook: Then what will happen to Samurai-san's torso? Don't tell me... you're going after it, Sanji-san?!
Sanji: Of course I'm going! Blood will be on my hands if I don't! As a man, this is something I must do!
Brook: Sanji-san!
Sanji: Just do something about the Slimes around us.
Brook: What?  Around us... Slimelings!  When did they surround us?!
Sanji: Forgive me, Nami-san. I'm the best swimmer we've got. I will return before any harm befalls your beautiful body!
Brook: Please, take care!
Kinemon: He is risking his life for me! Diving into the toxic lake!
Sanji: Th-This is colder than freezing! Where is that torso?!
Brook: The Slimes are getting closer!
Zoro: What should we do about them?
Brook: What indeed?
Law: Monet is the only one here. This is my chance.
Monet: If you're looking for Master, he's not here.
Law: I see.  Where is he?
Monet: Who knows.  He's pretty twisted, so he's probably watching the battle outside.
Law: I've found everything that I'm going to find on this island... so I'm planning to leave soon.
Monet: I see.  It'll be lonely without you.
Law: First, your ability could be helpful for a small task. Mind coming with me?
Monet: Oh, a date?  How lovely. Unsocial as ever, I see. What is it?
Law: You'll see once we get there.
Monet: Fair enough.  I was bored anyway.
Chopper: Is that the bird-lady Usopp was talking about?
Man: S-Straw Hat's got Master!
Franky: Nice going, Luffy!
Centaur: Damn that bastard!
Smoker: Straw Hat!
Caesar: Let go of me, you filth!
Luffy: No way!
Franky: So that's Haki, huh? Luffy is one hell of a guy! He's holding onto a Logia user.
Centaur: Straw Hat!  Get away from Master! We've gotta save Master!
Franky: I'm your opponent!
Smoker: Get outta my way!
Franky: With Luffy as strong as he is now, that guy should be a piece of cake!
Robin: We can't be sure, just yet. The Haki of Arms can restrain Logia users, who would normally be untouchable, but it can't take away their power the way ocean-energy or Sea Stone can. We still don't know the true power... of the Gas Gas Fruit.
Caesar: Don't get cocky!
Marine: The smoke is...
Caesar: Damn it!
Luffy: What's this?! It's wrapping around me!  I can't get it off!
Franky: Luffy!  Hold your breath!  That guy is...
Smoker: Damn!  Poison gas, huh?
Caesar: You fool!  There can be no escape! Once the Gas Robe wraps itself around you, it will never let go! How long can you hold your breath? Just inhale it already, and die!
Robin: Luffy!
Franky: Damn it all!
Caesar: I've performed experiment after experiment in order to heighten the deadliness of my gas. Now, suffer and die! What a wonderful sight!
Centaur: Has he lost his mind?! He's intentionally breathing in Master's poisonous gas! He inhaled it all! He's dead!
Caesar: I've never seen anyone so stupid before! Now, die! What?
Luffy: I guess poison doesn't affect me much anymore. Must be because of Magellan.
Caesar: Magellan?! The poison-man of Impel Down? Don't you dare compare me to that Paramecia-user!
Centaur: Master!
Franky: Alright!
Centaur: That bastard!  What did he do to our Master?! Unforgivable! Get Straw Hat! Aye!
Caesar: Do not interfere, trash!
Centaur: T-Trash?! Did he just call us... trash?! You must have heard it wrong!
Caesar: That filth! I'll teach him the power of the Gas Gas Fruit! Bring it!
Robin & Franky: Luffy!
Centaur: That's our Master!
Caesar: Now, time to finish you off. Awaken, Smileys!
Tashigi: Smileys?
Franky: What?!  They're starting to move!
Caesar: Smileys, stick to Straw Hat! Jump!
Centaur: Why are these things listening to Master?!
Franky: Luffy, be careful!  They're gonna explode!
Robin: Luffy!
Caesar: Blow him to pieces!
Franky: Luffy!
Centaur: Straw Hat was blown up! After an explosion like that, there won't be a single hair left! He never stood a chance against our savior, Master. It was over before it began!
Robin: It can't be... Luffy!
Franky: S-Seriously?!
Caesar: Not only do I have the powers of the Gas Gas Fruit, I am also the world's greatest scientist. You were out of luck the moment you made me angry!
Centaur: Master!  Master!  Master!
Caesar: You picked the wrong opponent, plain and simple!
Luffy: Man, that was close!
Centaur: M-Master!
Luffy: That was one huge explosion!
Franky: He escaped from the explosion!  That guy sure is fast!
Robin: Thank goodness.
Marine: S-Straw Hat just... Is he immortal?!
Luffy: Alright!
Centaur: How dare you hurt our Master?!
Luffy: Get outta my way! Alright, this time I've got you!
Centaur: Master!
Luffy: Robin!  Franky!  You got anything to keep this guy in? He's a Logia-user, so tying him up won't work.
Franky: Hmmm, is there a barrel or something lying around?
Marine: Hey, hold it, Straw Hat! The Navy's G-5 unit will take him into custody. And you too! Prepare yourselves!
Tashigi: Smoker-san!  Straw Hat's group have got Caesar!
Smoker: Damn them!
Tashigi: Smoker-san!
Marine: Everyone, back them up! Follow Smokey and Captain-chan! Yeah! We're not going to let you escape, Straw Hat!
Smoker: Straw Hat?
Robin: Luffy?
Caesar: You really underestimated me.
Franky: Luffy!
Robin: Oh no!
Franky: Robin, I'll draw him and his men away! You keep your eyes open for a chance to save Luffy!
Robin: Be careful!  That man is dangerous!
Franky: What did you do to Luffy?! Make way! You're next!
Robin: Luffy!
Franky: Robin!
Marine: What's this all of a sudden?!
Smoker: What just happened?! All of you, get back! Tashigi!
Marine: Captain-chan!
Franky: Robin!  Are you alright?! Hang in there, Robin! Luffy! Damn you! Strong Ri-
Smoker: Damn it all!  What's going on?!
Caesar: And now, everyone's been eliminated.
Monet: Law?
Law: Who is it?!
Monet: What's wrong? It looks like you're in pain.
Law: Who's... there?!
Vergo: It's me.
Law: What... are you... doing here?!
Vergo: How many years has it been? You've grown, Law.
Narrator: Sanji makes it out of the poisonous lake safely, but there's no time to rejoice. They are surrounded by Smileys, and find themselves in an inescapable crisis. In this hopeless situation, the samurai reveals his true power!
