Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors. The Straw Hat Pirates landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. Luffy has entered into a pirate alliance with Trafalgar Law. Then he finally found Caesar Clown, who controls the island... but he was defeated by a mysterious ability.
Caesar: My mighty soldiers! Put all five of them in chains! Use Sea Stone on the Devil Fruit users!
Law: How long have you been here... Vergo?!
Vergo: I just arrived. I happened to be in Dressrosa, and an S.A.D. tanker was heading here, so I got on it.
title: Shock! The True Identity of the Mysterious Man, Vergo!
Monet: No mercy for him.
Vergo: It wouldn't be proper punishment if I showed him mercy.
Law: Vergo, there are G-5 marines on the island right now. Aren't you worried that they might see you, their base leader?
Vergo: How dare you think yourself worthy of offering me suggestions.  Know your place. And don't make me repeat myself... You are to use -san when addressing me.
Monet: Ooh, scary.
Civilian: Look.  It's the G-5 marines. It's only noon but they're already starting trouble. They really are a bad bunch.
Marine: You wanna say something to us?! The only reason why this island hasn't been destroyed by pirates with nine figure bounties... is that you have a "bad bunch" out here patrolling for you, ain't that right?!
Marine2: We're just taking a little break, it isn't like we'll suffer some sort of divine retribution for that!
Civilian: Th-that's not...
Yarisugi: These are good!  They're far too good! Sir, I'd like a thousand of these.
Store clerk: W-We don't keep that many in stock!
Yarisugi: What?!  Why not? Don't you know they're far too delicious not to?
Cind's father: Marines! Please listen to my request...  Please find our children!
Yarisugi: What's this about?
Cind: Perhaps it has slipped your mind? There was an incident three years ago when our children went missing.
Doran's father: Search just one more time, please!
Mocha's mother: Surely you can see that it's absurd to say that children playing in our neighborhood actually died at sea!
Uzu's mother: We just can't believe it! Please!  Search just one more time! Re-open the investigation!
Cind's father: At least, please tell our story to Captain Tashigi! We hear that she's a kind person who will listen to our story!
Yarisugi: What a load of crap! Are you trying to insult us?! I'll have you know that we're G-5 marines too! You say that you doubt the Navy's reports? Are you trying to complain about the way we handle this jurisdiction?! You're complaining far too much!
Cind's father: That's not what...
Yarisugi: This is pointless.  Far too pointless! Be reasonable!  Far too reasonable! Your children died at sea!
Marine: Commodore, you go far too far! We've confirmed this with the head of G-5, Vice-Admiral Vergo far too many times. We've investigated it ten thousand times!
Byo's father: But...
Yarisugi: If you keep on making a fuss about this, then we'll charge you with obstruction of justice, massacre everyone, and torch the town!
Marine: Commodore, that's far too much.
Yarisugi: Hmph, they want to talk to Tashigi-chan? They're far too insolent! Though, sometimes I wish she was under my command. That'd be far too marvelous!
Marines: Your imagination's far too wild!
Yarisugi: Unfortunately, that girl's in Squadron 01. She works closely with Vice-Admiral Smoker. Far too closely! We don't have time to reopen investigations for a three year old incident. Our free time is far too limited!
Marines: Far too limited!
Yarisugi: Damn turds.
Soldiers: You said too much! They won't listen to us at all! Do you think they really talked to the head, Vice-Admiral Vergo? He really did save this island from pirates once. He was a perfect gentleman.  It's hard to imagine that he's a member of a group of ruffians like G-5. Did he really say that this was just a shipwreck?
Mother: They're alive! They have to be alive! They must be out there somewhere!
Byo: My head's gonna split in two!
Nami: Usopp!  Hurry up and knock 'em out!
Usopp: I'm trying to!  But each time it's less effective!
Kid: Take these chains off!
Usopp: The withdrawal symptoms must be too strong this time!
Nami: Then what're we going to do?
Usopp: We have to find some way to hold them down. I'm counting on you, Sanji!
Nami: I'm Nami!
Usopp: Oh, I forgot. Damn.  You look so strong on the outside.
Nami: Well excuse me!
Kid: Misters! Candy!  Give us candy! Candy!  Candy! My head hurts! The pain!
Mocha: Just give us some candy... it'll make it all better.
Kids: Candy.
Kid: Candy. Candy. Candy. Even though we're begging you... you still won't give us any! Give us candy!
Usopp: Here they come! Hey!  Hey!  I can attack them now, right?! They're monsters!
Nami: No! Idiot!  They're still kids!
Usopp: But we can't avoid them forever!
Kids: It's Master!
Caesar: Are you okay, children? Now, let's go home.  Back to the lab. It's too dangerous out here.
Kids: It's candy! Master! Master! Master! Master! Master! Master!
Nami: Master?!
Kids: Master! Master! Master!
Brook: The Slime's getting angry!
Sanji: Why now, all of a sudden?
Zoro: Maybe it's because we blew up the mini-slimes?
Kinemon: Mayhaps they're like its children?  But we had no choice.
Sanji: Huh, it's changing shape!
Kinemon: What could it be becoming?
Sanji: What is that, a frog?
Zoro: Isn't it a lizard?
Sanji: Run!
Kinemon: Is there no end to the mini-slimes it can create?
Brook: No, it appears that the big one on the other shore is shrinking.
Sanji: So, the big one will eventually disappear? Or maybe it's getting smaller because it's launching itself over here piece by piece? We're done for if something that size starts rampaging over here.
Zoro: Yeah!  Cut it and it spews gas, burn it and it explodes. And it'll be much much bigger. The lab probably isn't even safe.
Kinemon: What?!  Then we must make haste! Momonosuke!
Zoro: What're you two going to do?  I'm heading for the lab.
Sanji: Then we have to go there too, you idiot!
Zoro: Who're you calling an idiot?
Sanji: You're too unreliable! If you get separated from Kin'emon, then you'll get lost. Do you expect us to search the whole damn island for you?!
Brook: Zoro-san, Sanji-san, this is no time for fighting... I'd like to see his sword techniques as well... Let's go to the lab!
Law: So you're finally awake?
Luffy: What're you doing here?
Law: I should be asking you that.
Robin: It seems that we were all captured.
Luffy: Oh, this is a cage? When did that happen? Oh, Smoke-man's here too!
Law: It's useless.  They're Sea Stone chains.
Monet: It sounds like you're awake.
Luffy: Who's that?
Vergo: You seem to be in higher spirits than I thought you'd be.
Tashigi: You're...
Smoker: What is the head of G-5 doing here? Vergo!
Marine: Give us back Smokey, Caesar! Give us back Tashigi-chan!
Centaur: Everyone has fallen back!
Centaur2: Alright, close the shutters!
Caesar: Don't let any marines in! Activate this as soon as all of our men have fallen back.
Marine: What's going on? W-What's happening? They're sealing the entrances! Dammit, we're too late!
Marine2: Open up, dammit!
Marine: I'll take care of this! What's with this huge shutter?  We can't dent it. Even a bazooka doesn't do anything. Maybe there's a back door?
Marine2: No good.  These shutters are on every side. That gas bastard!
Marine: You don't think that this is a trap, do you?
Marine2: What are you saying?  Don't be stupid.
Marine: Those creepy jellies aren't raining down anymore... but if you pay attention, you'll see they're merging and getting bigger.
Marine2: There's no chance of stealing a ship anymore. They're blocking our path.
Marine: And they took our Snail Phones, so there's no way to contact anyone.
Marine2: What should we do?!
Snail Phone: The shutters have been closed.
Monet: Understood. Everything seems to be moving along as predicted. Those poor little marines.
Vergo: What's Caesar trying to do?
Monet: Who knows?  He doesn't tell me everything. But since he's woken up his pet, Smiley, he might have an experiment in mind. Things might become real dangerous, real soon. By the way, Vergo... did you have a Hamburger for breakfast?
Vergo: How did you know?  I love them.
Monet: You've got some on the side of your face.
Vergo: I'd really like to see this experiment. Is everyone outside going to die?
Monet: Probably.  It'll be safe in the lab, though.
Smoker: Hey, Vergo! The marines outside are from G-5.  They're your own men! Are you planning to let them all die?
Vergo: Yeah, that's about right.
Tashigi: What?!
Vergo: But what a lovely collection of characters we have in this cage. It's quite a sight.
Robin: Seeing the two of you in the same cage really takes me back.
Luffy: Oh yeah, you're right! You captured me and Smoke-man back in Alabasta!
Smoker: Shut the hell up. Even at a time like this, you don't care what's going on, do you?
Tashigi: Smoker-san, what do these feelings mean? What should I do?
Smoker: It seems your worst case scenario was right. A member of G-5 would have to be covering up the kidnappings by lying to the media. That means that Caesar used Vergo to change the kidnapping reports into shipwrecks. In other words, the corruption comes from the very top of G-5. You could say that's characteristic of G-5, but it's a disgrace to the entire Navy!
Tashigi: How could you do this?!
Luffy: What, is he some kind of bad guy?
Robin: It certainly appears to be so.
Law: You shouldn't feel bad for not realizing it. It isn't like Vergo actually betrayed the Marines... since he was really a pirate the entire time.
Tashigi: A pirate... What?!
Law: That's right.  Before he was famous, he joined the Navy on Joker's orders. He's slipped by unnoticed for fifteen years, slowly gaining in rank. Joker has no other Marine more useful and trustworthy than him. Vergo's been a member of Joker's crew from the very start.
Tashigi: How could...
Smoker: Joker... Wasn't that the name of that broker from the underworld? It's pathetic that I couldn't smell this rat.
Vergo: Don't be so hard on yourself. I prefer to think that the rat deserves admiration when it evades the great White Hunter, Smoker-kun. I had to be very careful ever since you transferred in from HQ. It feels good now that I don't have to worry about you anymore. But more importantly, you're talking too much, Law. Weren't you punished enough earlier? Well, it doesn't matter. You said that it would be bad if I ran into G-5 members on this island, but it's not. I've been training my pets for so long that it's impossible for them to doubt me. And even if my true nature was revealed, I have a plan to handle it. You must know why I'm not worried about telling you all this, don't you? Vice-Admiral Smoker and Captain Tashigi... I'm going to shut your mouths by making sure that you die here. Caesar will take care of my subordinates outside. It must be done.  This is important turf for Joker. We cannot allow anyone to return alive once they've figured out what's happening here. As always, we'll be able to make it look like an accident.
Smoker: Vergo!
Luffy: Hey, Traf.  Who's this Joker?
Law: I used to be part of his crew as well. That's how I know Vergo. Joker is merely his title as an underworld broker. You already know him, quite well.
Robin: What are you talking about?
Law: He's one of the seven world-famous pirates. A member of the World Government sanctioned Seven Warlords of the Sea. Donquixote Doflamingo.
Narrator: While the name of a Warlord of the Sea, Doflamingo spreads shock through the group, Nami's group finds themselves in a disastrous situation as they try to protect the kids. The fearsome nature of the Gas Gas Fruit forces them to take desperate measures.
Luffy: Next time, on One Piece: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
