Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors. The crew has landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. Luffy, who has formed an alliance with Trafalgar Law, finally found Master, Caesar Clown, who controls the island. However, Caesar Clown has beaten Luffy with his mysterious powers. In the meantime, Law has fallen before the chief of the G-5 base - Vergo.
Caesar: Why did you take them away? Can't you see that the children are suffering?
Nami: What?!
Brownbeard: You filth!
Usopp: Brownbeard?!
Nami: What happened?!
Soldier: Open up! Damn, it won't budge. Hey, open the doors! Give us Smokey and Tashigi-chan back! What happened to those creepy creatures? They went that way, but... Forget them. Concentrate on rescuing Smokey and Tashigi-chan! Open up, Caesar! What's that?  An airship?
Caesar: Now then children, time to get off. This is your home. Don't just wander off again.
Sind: Thank you, Master.
Child: Mister Sheep, candy please...
Sind: Please give us the candy now, Master!
Doran: My head hurts!  Master, please give us the candy...
Caesar: You'll get the candy soon, of course. Go straight back to the Biscuits Room. There's lots of candy waiting for you there. I have to go to the research room. So relax and savor it. The delicious, delicious candy.
Doran: Let's go to the room!  Show us the way, Mister Sheep.
Soldier: This way, children.
Konbu: The Biscuits Room.
Ally: Candy... now...
Caesar: You!  Listen carefully. Once they're in the room, lock them in tight so that they can't escape again, got it?
Soldier: Roger that.
Mocha: This place is scary!
Soldier: What is it, you smelly brat? I mean, young lady? Hmm?  What's wrong? How about you go with the other children and eat your delicious candy back in your room? Eh?  What's wrong?
Usopp: Hey, wait! You don't want to go back to the laboratory, do you?!
Child: Get out of my way!
Nami: Usopp!
Child: Master... please give me candy...
Caesar: That's right.  Come on home, children.
Nami: Please, stop!  You can't go to him! You wanna go back to your homes, don't you?
Soldiers: Heave-ho!
Mocha: No!  I really want to leave!
Soldier: What are you talking about, kid? It's cold outside, and didn't you see what floor you're on? Now, go back to your room.
Mocha: No!  Save me, lady!
Uzu: Mocha?
Child: Let's go get the candy now!
Soldier: Look, be a good kid and just go to your room now. Candy is waiting for you there.
Mocha: Why are you all so scary? So scary!  I'm scared! The lady and her friends were so kind to me. Is this because I'm not a good kid? Oh, right! I'm sorry I didn't listen to you! Mister!  Lady!  Save me!
Soldier: Hey, you! Get away from the door! Geez, what a troublesome brat!
Mocha: Save me, lady! Lady!
Nami: I'm alive. Sanji-kun's body took a lot of damage... but it's so sturdy. I'd be dead now if it wasn't. What happened to the children? Usopp! Hang in there, Usopp!
Usopp: You came here to save me, Sanji?
Nami: I'm Nami! Why are you acting so disappointed? C'mon, stay conscious! We've gotta save the children! Come on, Usopp!
Monet: Would you like milk with it?
Vergo: No, just some sugar. I don't want to be a bother. More importantly... Caesar's late.
Monet: Speak of the devil.
Caesar: Sorry to keep you waiting, Vergo.
Vergo: Don't worry.  I had some coffee and cookies. That's strange, where are the cookies?
Monet: I didn't give you any.
Vergo: Oh right, I didn't have cookies. When are you going to begin the experiment, Caesar?
Caesar: Shortly... Monet, begin the transmission.
Monet: Yes, sir.
Caesar: I really wish that you would keep your subordinates under control, Vergo. I broke into a cold sweat when Smoker came here.
Vergo: You're right.  He's a wild dog that can't be leashed.
Caesar: But that's all behind us now, isn't it? Serves you right, Law! You were helpless against Vergo, weren't you? The deal I had with you was useful. In return for being allowed to stay here, you'll give my subordinates legs. I'd be very thankful. However... You're stronger than me, but I'm the boss on this island. If you want to stay here, we'd better weaken your position somewhat.
Law: I will not cause you any harm. What must I do to make you feel safe?
Caesar: I have a proposition, Trafalgar Law. I want you to take care of my dear secretary Monet's heart. Are you okay with that, Monet?
Monet: Yes, I don't see any problem.
Caesar: And in exchange... I want your heart! That's the deal. As long as we've got each other by the neck, you won't be tempted to do anything funny. And I can feel secure, too. I've always believed that you can't trust anyone. You reap what you sow, as they say. You must have already found out... that now, Vergo has your heart.
Luffy: Hey!
Caesar: I suppose that even you couldn't have expected... that Monet's smart enough to change her appearance and follow you.
Luffy: Hey, are you alright, Traf?
Caesar: She overheard everything that you guys are planning. I'm disappointed, Law. I thought we'd finally become very good friends.
Law: So you were saved by your exceptional secretary?  I should've paid more attention to her. I let myself become sloppy because you're such a blundering idiot.
Caesar: Watch your mouth, brat.
Luffy: That's amazing.  You're still alive even though that guy's got your heart?
Smoker: At the mercy of your own power, Law? I'd like to know what you did with my heart.
Caesar: Over here! Smo-
Monet: Master, we're ready to start the broadcast.
Caesar: Oh, really? You escape death, for now. Okay, begin.
Luffy: That ball is huge!
Smoker: What on earth is he doing?
Caesar: At last!
Soldier: Something's being projected! What's this?  Where is that?  Is that... a candy?  A huge candy! When was the Projector Snail put there?
Caesar: Sorry to have kept you waiting, distinguished brokers. The main event will begin shortly. Little Smileys were scattered from the Blazing Lands... and will soon gather in the middle of the Frozen Lands. Once they all join together again and become the complete Smiley, the experiment will begin. Four years ago, an explosion utterly devastated this island.  It was a poison gas bomb, called H2S. That is what Smiley is.
Smoker: H2S gas?
Caesar: But last time there was a problem. People who inhaled the poison were weakened but they were able to find safe places to take shelter. So I plan to give the weapon from four years ago, Smiley, a huge treat. One that will supplement the poison gas to become a flawless weapon of mass destruction. Today marks the birth of a new weapon. Its name will be... The Land of Death!
Zoro: It's coming! Can't we get away from it?
Sanji: It has completely merged together on this side!
Kin'emon: Just what is that thing?
Zoro: No time to worry about it.  Just focus on running.
Brook: Excuse me, everyone. There appears to be a huge ball ahead!
Zoro: What's that?
Sanji: It's in the shape of a candy?
Zoro: There are people next to it.
Soldier: Master, I can confirm a giant, gelatinous creature. We think that it's Smiley. Well then, we'll proceed as planned and project Master's broadcast onto the mist.
Caesar: Good. Once you finish the job, you have to escape or you'll be in grave danger. Get on the dragon sleigh and hurry- What happened?
Soldier: We... We've got a problem with the sled.  It appears to be melting! We can't use it like this! Why'd this happen now?! Is this some kind of chemical reaction?  It's completely useless now. The dragon is running away! One thing after another!
Caesar: What?! What a terrible thing to happen!
Monet: Not very convincing.
Caesar: Guys, just run! Your protective suits are useless now! Throw them off and run to the laboratory!
Soldier: U-Understood. Take off our suits? Master's orders are absolute!  He must have some plan! Do what he tells you! H-Hurry up! Turn on, damn you!
Brook: What?  Now someone's image is being projected into the air!
Sanji: Ignore it.  Just ignore it.  Anyway, just run!
Caesar: Smiley!  I missed you! It's been three long years! Oh, yes, Smiley! This brings back so many memories!  I've prepared a very, very tasty treat for you! Stay!  Stay now, Smiley! Just a little bit longer! Your Master's orders are absolute! That's how I trained you. Stay!  I told you to stay! I have so much I want to talk to you about! Do you remember? It all started, yes, four years ago... A-Alright! Alright then!  You can eat now!  Good boy!
Monet: He isn't listening to you.
Brook: I've had enough of this!
Zoro: What's happening to him?
Chopper: What is that?
Luffy: Man, he ate that huge candy!
Caesar: You're a good boy, Smiley. Nobody can stop him now!
Narrator: The unbelievably strong poison gas weapon that has transformed an island into a living hellscape... closes in on Luffy and the others!
