Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors. The crew has landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. After forming a pirate alliance with Trafalgar Law, Luffy finally found Master, or Caesar Clown, who controls the island, but he was defeated by Caesar's mysterious powers. In the meantime, Law has fallen before the chief of the G-5 base - Vergo.
Everyone: Run away!
Law: Straw-hatter. We don't have time to dawdle about in here. It's time for our counterattack.
???: Trafalgar Law, One of the Seven Warlords of the Sea. Straw Hat Luffy, the pirate who's recently been reported to have made a major comeback. His crewmate, the Demon Child, Nico Robin. The Navy's wild dog, the White Hunter, Smoker. How did Caesar capture people who are so strong?
Other guy: What?
Pekoms: So that's where he is. What should we do?
Tamago: Let's watch a little longer -bon.
Killer: Hey, those are...
Kid: So you've finally made your move, Straw Hat. There's no point in just watching this. And it's not like you to pretend to be an arms dealer... Killer.
Killer: Yeah, you're right. I never would have thought that all three of them would be in the same place.
Kid: Agreed. That damn Trafalgar. Just when I thought he'd lost his mind and settled for being the government's lapdog, it turns out that he's been planning this all along.
Killer: He must be about to initiate some scheme.
Kid: We can't let him get ahead of us. We've gotta make our move now, too.
Killer: Kid, I'm counting on you to keep things civil.
Kid: Shut up.  I know.
Apoo: Yo, Captain Kid! Your face gets uglier every time I see it.
Kid: Scratchmen! What do you think you're doing?! Don't make a mess of other people's hideouts!
Goon: We're sorry Captain!  We couldn't stop him!
Apoo: I thought you might have snipers posted, so I decided to make us safe. Anybody who receives an invitation from an enemy... has to arrive ready for a fight.
Kid: See, Killer. This is why I told you not to invite him!
Killer: Calm down.  He's strong.
Hawkins: You make your guests wait, after you invite them? You really have no manners.
Kid: You too?  I'm gonna kill every last one of you!
Apoo: I knew that's why you invited us!  I'm ready! Come and get me -chicarruu!
Hawkins: Ridiculous.  I take my leave.
Killer: Wait, Hawkins.  Don't be so quick. Jeez... Cut it out, you two! We wanted to talk about forming an alliance between our three crews! Can't you numbskulls even have a civil discussion?
Luffy: Our counterattack?
Law: Yeah.  Just waiting around won't get us anywhere. Now, let's wrap it up quickly. Can anyone here ignite fires? If not, well, that's okay too.
Luffy: If you need fire, then Franky's your man.  He can shoot beams. Hey, yeah! Burn these chains with one of your beams!
Franky: I can't shoot the Radical Beam unless I join my two hands together the right way. All I can shoot now is the... Coup de Boo from my butt.
Law: Anything will do. Can you ignite the Navy ship below us, to the right?
Franky: Oh, that? That's easy stuff, bro. Leave it to me.
Marine: The ship's on fire!
Marine2: Run away!
Marine: Put it out!
Caesar: What the hell are they trying to do? Is that Pacifista bastard getting desperate? Well, it doesn't matter!  I will put you to good use after the experiment is over... by taking your corpse apart, piece by piece!
Guy: I can't see the cage in this smoke. Is Captain-chan okay?
Marine: Smokey, can you breathe?
Marine2: You fool, Smokey is made of smoke!
Franky: Hey, Trafalgar!  Now we're getting covered in smoke!
Trafalgar: You're the one who did it.
Franky: You're the one who asked me to!
Luffy: What're you planning?!
Law: Now then. With this smoke, we won't be seen by Caesar's Surveillance Snails. We should have some time before they notice anything is wrong.
Luffy: What'd you do?! How can you take off Sea Stone chains?
Law: What're you talking about? My chains were never made of Sea Stone. It was easy to take them off with my ability. I've been here for several months. I prepared for this situation by placing normal chains around the lab. So that even if I messed up and got caught, I could at least avoid the Sea Stone.
Luffy: Freedom!
Law: Not so loud, you idiot.
Luffy: Yay!  Yay!  I'm free!
Law: Now... What should I do with you? You know a little too much. Your fate is entirely in my hands.
Smoker: You've already decided, haven't you?! Go ahead and kill us!
Tashigi: Smoker-san! I'm back to normal!
Smoker: Why the hell are you screaming like a woman, you stupid girl?
Tashigi: Please, take the chains off quickly. I'll do whatever you say!
Smoker: What the hell are you saying, Tashigi! Are you so pathetic as to beg a pirate for your life?!
Tashigi: Right now, getting down on our hands and knees to beg is the proper thing to do! If we die here, then we'll have let all of our men die as well. And Vice-Admiral Vergo... Then Vergo will continue to do as he pleases with the Navy... and the children will... We must not die here!
Law: At least the woman has some sense. White Hunter, I have no obligation to save you. But if you were to return alive and remove Vergo from his position, then that would work to my benefit. But you must forget everything you know about me and Joker. That's not a request, it is a condition. A promise in exchange for your life.
Luffy: I can't see anything. What's going on outside? Alright, I'm finally out!
Law: What are you...
Luffy: Yahoo!
Law: Hey, wait! What're you doing, just leaving the cage on your own?
Franky: It's not like the cage is made of Sea Stone.
Robin: Our captain is always like this. If you take your eyes off him for a second...
Law: That idiot!
Luffy: Heeey, Traf! How do we get inside?!
Franky: Hey bro... More important than that, I'd like to do something about the Sunny.
Law: Do whatever you want.
Franky: Well then, I'll be back! I'm coming, Sunny!
Luffy: I'm counting on you, Franky! Gah, that stinks!
Smoker: What's that look for?
Luffy: Hey!  Hurry up, Traf!
Soldier: Hey!  Smokey!  Captain-chan!  Are you okay?!
Soldier2: What should we do?
Soldier: Hey... it's... already... The poison gas is so close!
Soldier2: At this rate, we'll end up just like guys in the broadcast.
Soldier: This is bad.  We gotta get inside right away.
Soldiers: Open the gates!
Soldier: Dammit, open up!
Strawhats: Run away!
Kin'emon: Even with this strange method of running, the gas will soon be upon us!
Brook: The dragon's so far away.
Zoro: We gotta hurry up and catch the dragon and fly away!
Sanji: I can't...
Brook: Sanji-san, hang in there!
Sanji: ...can't run anymore. Nami's heart and lungs are only so strong. Chest... hurts. Chest.... chest... Chest! Got 'em!
Zoro: What kind of bizarre power did you just tap into?!
Nami: The smoke is so close!
Usopp: Man, that's a nasty looking color. It's got to be an incredibly deadly poison.
Nami: Sorry, Brownie. Sorry for making you carry us even when you're so badly injured.
Brownbeard: I don't mind.  It's like carrying children on my back. At any rate, I have to save my men.
Usopp: And we have to save the kids. I just hope that they haven't had any candy yet.
Nami: Hey, what's that? Look, someone else is running from the gas.
Usopp: A dragon?
Nami: Wait, could it be...
Brook: Could you please run a bit more calmly?
Zoro: More importantly, why don't you fly?!
Kin'emon: To think, I've lowered myself to accepting help from a dragon.
Sanji: Quit acting so high and mighty. It's thanks to Nami-san's nice body that we were able to catch it. Just thinking about it...
Zoro: This isn't the time for nosebleeds, you damn perv!
Kin'emon: The poison gas is upon us!
Brook: My arm muscles are starting to give out! Oh wait, I don't have any muscles...
Zoro+Sanji: Brook!
Nami: Brook!
Usopp: That was close!
Zoro: Usopp!
Sanji: Nami-san?!
Usopp: Anyway, let's get out of here!
Brook: Yes!
Zoro: What're you guys doing here?!
Nami: I'd like to ask you the same thing, but that will have to come later! Let's keep running for the lab.
Brownbeard: Yeah!
Sanji: Hey, this guy's getting tired!
Zoro: At this rate, he's gonna get caught by the gas.
Brownbeard: Hey, jump on me!
Kin'emon: I am in your debt!
Brownbeard: Owww!
Kin'emon: Oh, that works!
Sanji: Yeah, keep it up!
Brook: That's quite nice!
Usopp: We're counting on you, Brownbeard!
Brownbeard: You could show a little more concern!
Soldier: Hurry up!
Soldier2: We're gonna die!
Soldier: Dammit!  Dammit!  Dammit! Open up!
Soldier2: The poison gas... it's coming over the mountain!
Soldier: Dammit! It's over.  We're all gonna die. The poison gas is almost here. Smokey and Captain-chan can't do anything. Nobody's going to survive! The gate is opening!
Sheep: Emergency!  A gate is opening!
Sheep2: Who's at the lever?!
Sheep: Damn, this place is gonna be flooded with G-5 soldiers!
Sheep2: What happened?!
Sheep: Hey!  Over there!
Sheep2: R-Really?
Sheep: Vice-Admiral of Navy Unit G-5, Smoker! From the Seven Warlords of the Sea, Trafalgar Law! The pirate, Straw Hat Luffy! I thought they were captured by Master!
Tashigi: Great.  Now everyone can get in.
Law: Now then, what are we going to do about our hearts?
Luffy: This is getting pretty fun!
Smoker: Teaming up with you... This is just depressing.
Soldier: Smokey!  Captain-chan!  You're alright!
Soldier2: Everyone has made it inside the building!
Soldier: Now the poison gas won't kill us. What's that?
Brownbeard: Owwwww!
Usopp: We've made it to the lab! Hey, hey, hey!  Wait!  Wait! Don't close the gate!
Brownbeard: Damn, we came so close!
Nami: Open up!  Let us in!
Usopp: It's no use!  We're gonna get locked out! We're gonna die to the gas!
Brook: We're way too late. We're no longer meant for this world.
Zoro: Hey, Kin'emon. Can you cut iron?
Kin'emon: If that's all, then it is but a trifle.
Zoro: Brownbeard, just run straight into it!
Brownbeard: What are you saying?! Then we'd crash head-first into a solid wall!
Zoro: So, you'd rather be consumed by the gas?
Everyone: Nooo!
Brownbeard: It's time for desperate measures.  I'm going in!
Nami: You're saying that this is our only choice?
Usopp: Whether we live or die, it's all riding on this.
Zoro: Are you ready?
Kin'emon: Of course.
Luffy: It's Zoro's group!
Robin: They've made quite the entrance.
Soldiers: They cut open the gate!
Luffy: Hey, you guys all made it!
Nami+Usopp: Luffy!
Brook: Luffy-san!
Sanji: Luffy!
Luffy: We're all here! Yeah, let's go wild!
Narrator: Luffy and the others set their sights on Tower R, their only route of escape, as they fire the first shots of their counterattack.
Luffy: Next time on One Piece:
Luffy+Title: Head to Tower R! The Pirate Alliance's Assault Continues!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
