Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors. Luffy's group has landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. There they were captured by Caesar Clown... and thrown into a cage to serve as experiments for Caesar's weapon of mass destruction, Land of Death. But now, with the Warlord of the Sea, Trafalgar Law, they've begun their counterattack.
Marine: The ship's on fire! Put it out!
Law: With this smoke, we won't be seen by Caesar's Surveillance Snails. White Hunter, I have no obligation to save you. But if you were to return alive and remove Vergo from his position, then that would work to my benefit. But you must forget everything you know about me and Joker. That's not a request, it is a condition. A promise in exchange for your life.
Zoro: Hey, Kin'emon. Can you cut iron? If that's all, then it is but a trifle. Brownbeard, just run straight into it! I'm going in!
Title: Head to Tower R! The Pirate Alliance's Assault Continues!
Soldier: What did you guys do?!
Usopp: This is bad! It's great that we got in, but the poison gas can come in too!
Marine: What the hell did you do?! Are you trying to take us down with you?!
Marine2: Seal the hole, everyone!
Marine: We're gonna die!
Nami: Well, we all seem to be alive.
Caesar: It is done! There's no way anyone could be alive on Punk Hazard now!
Brook: Wow, it's still as thick as ever. One would die if they were to take even a single step out of the lab.
Usopp: How's it look, Brook?
Brook: Truly a world of death. Just thinking about what would've happened if we didn't seal the hole... sends shivers down my spine.
Marines: You're the one making us shiver!
Zoro: Okay, then!
Marine: There's nothing okay about it! Everyone almost died because of you! And we're the ones who sealed the hole! These guys are even more careless than the rumors say! Prepare to die, Straw Hat Pirates!  You too, Brownbeard the Pirate!
Usopp: I thought we were out of trouble, and now we're immediately surrounded?! There's no place to run!
Zoro: Who needs to run?
Nami: Well, that's how it always goes.
Sanji: It would be better for them if they gave up.
Brownbeard: T-T-They know my name!
Luffy: It looks like things are getting started down there.
Law: Got it? The two of you aren't going to interfere with his crew or with me.
Smoker: Fine.
Nami: Eh?  Traf!  Hey, you! Now!  Now!  Right now! Turn!  Us!  Back!
Sanji: You don't really have to turn us back!
Nami: What're you saying, Sanji-kun!
Sanji: I don't think it's really a big-
Nami: Of course we have to change back! I wanna go back!
Sanji: We don't have to. Dammit!  My beautiful dream has ended.
Nami: I'm back! But, huh? Sanji-kun... Why am I wearing a different coat?! You took my clothes off, didn't you?!
Sanji: There's an extremely good reason for tha-
Usopp: Sanji!  Are you okay?
Sanji: Huh, my body... This... hurts way more than a single punch.
Usopp: Your body was torn ragged when Nami was beaten by Caesar. H-Hey!  What's wrong?!
Sanji: I'm so happy! I'm so happy that it was my body that was beaten!
Usopp: You have such a noble nature!
Law: I have something to say to everybody here!
Marines: Law!
Law: Right now, the lab is completely engulfed in poison gas... but there is a single escape route to the sea that isn't exposed to the outside air. This laboratory is made up of multiple connected towers. Right now, we're in Tower A. If we pass through the gate, we'll be in the central Tower B. If you go through it, then you'll end up in Tower R. Inside, there's a gigantic door marked R-66. That's the entrance to the passage that goes to the sea. I don't have any desire to be a mass murderer, but you only have two hours. If you linger in this lab any longer than that, I cannot guarantee that you'll survive.
Marine: Hey!  What do you mean?!
Marine2: Come on, now!
Marine: You've gotta be kidding!
Luffy: You going to do something to the lab?
Law: If the situation requires it. I only do what is necessary.
Luffy: Hmm, I see. Robin, I've got a favor to ask.
Robin: What is it?
Smoker: G-5!
Marine: Smokey!
Smoker: The kids that have been abducted over the last two years are in this facility. Retrieve them, and head for door R-66! If it's as Law says, there should be a port at the end of the passage! Steal a boat and get off of Punk Hazard!
Marine: Alright!
Marine2: We're saying goodbye to this damn island forever!
Nami: The children? Everyone!  We've gotta split up and look for the children! Let's lead every last one of them to the escape route! It's R-66! Zoro!  You can't go off by yourself!
Zoro: Why not?!
Kin'emon: Wait for me, Momonosuke.  I swear that I will save you.
Robin: So that's how it is.  I see.
Luffy: Thanks.  See ya later. Just you wait, Caesar! You can't stop my breath this time! I'm going to send you flying and kidnap you!
Caesar: Did you see my glorious public experiment?! It got the Straw Hat Pirates. It got Trafalgar Law. It got the G-5 Marines. It was kind of them to sacrifice themselves in order to prove the lethality of my Land of Death. But what's this? Just what's going on? Why isn't G-5 at the main entrance? Why isn't the Surveillance Snail displaying their calcified corpses? This isn't good for the Land of Death's public experiment. What about Straw Hat?  What about Law? What about Smoker?  Are they definitely dead?
Monet: What do you think, Vergo?
Vergo: There's only one possible explanation. They are no longer inside the cage.
Caesar: Huh?!  What? What are you saying?
Vergo: The men in my G-5 are nothing but a bunch of stupid ruffians. None of them are smart enough to figure out a way to escape the gas.
Monet: And that means?
Vergo: That Straw Hat and Law broke out of the cage, joined with G-5, and figured out a way to escape.
Caesar: What are you saying?
Luffy: Time to go!
Smoker: Tashigi, you take control of the men in G-5.
Tashigi: Where are you going? Are you going to apprehend Vergo?
Smoker: He won't get away with this. The law isn't enough to punish him properly. Tashigi! I'll settle it myself. He's made a mockery of everything the Navy stands for!
Tashigi: Then please take me with you! You know how formidable an opponent Vergo will be! If something were to happen to you...
Smoker: Then who would protect our men? Make sure those idiots escape.  And the kids, too.
Tashigi: Smoker-san.
Zoro: Huh?!  Really? Luffy lost to Caesar?!
Usopp: Yeah, we were careless and got suffocated. He's gas.  You know how hard it is to fight gas? He just sucks the oxygen out of the air.
Zoro: And we got knocked out by the abominable snowmen. We'll never make it like this. We'll never make it like this! What was the point of training for two years?
Usopp: Come on, we're all still alive-
Zoro: This is serious! We can't afford to be careless from now on!
Usopp: H-H-Hey!
Marine: Don't let them through!
Zoro: Luffy!
Sanji: Hurry up and open a path!
Zoro: Luffy!
Sanji: What's that mosshead doing?
Zoro: Hey Luffy!
Luffy: Zoro!
Zoro: Take things seriously! The New World will only continue getting tougher!
Sanji: He sure is being harsh.
Luffy: Yeah, sorry! I won't be careless any more!
Sheep: It's Straw Hat! I don't know what he's planning, but kill him!
Luffy: I'm going ahead!
Zoro: I said be serious!
Sheep: Master!
Caesar: What happened?
Sheep: The pirate Straw Hat Luffy has lead... all our enemies into Tower A's lobby! And now they're heading through the tower!
Caesar: What?!  Inside?! How'd they open that heavy gate?! How did they get out of the cage?!
Sheep: That is unknown!
Vergo: Whatever else happens, I can't let Law escape. Depending on what he's planning, I may have to kill him here, myself.
Luffy: Move it!  Move it! I'm coming!
Narrator: Inside the sealed laboratory, Luffy and the others frantically try to run from the encroaching Land of Death. When they can't get through the gate, and are facing certain death, G-5 shows the pride of the navy.
Luffy: Next time on One Piece:
Luffy+Title: Tashigi's Tears G-5's Suicidal Breakthrough Strategy
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
