Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors. The crew has landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. There they were captured by Master, or Caesar Clown, who controls the island... and thrown into a cage and forced to face his weapon of mass destruction, Land of Death. But thanks to the cleverness of Law, one of the Seven Warlords of the Sea, they escaped from the cage. And they eventually reunited with their friends.
Law: Right now, the lab is completely engulfed in poison gas... but there is a single escape route to the sea that isn't exposed to the outside air. Inside, there's a gigantic door marked R-66. That's the entrance to the passage that goes to the sea. I don't have any desire to be a mass murderer, but you only have two hours. If you linger in this lab any longer than that, I cannot guarantee that you'll survive.
Smoker: The kids that have been abducted over the last two years are in this facility. Retrieve them, and head for door R-66!
Kin'emon: Wait for me, Momonosuke.  I swear that I will save you.
Zoro: Hey Luffy! Take things seriously! The New World will only continue getting tougher!
Luffy: Yeah, sorry! I won't be careless any more!
Narrator: With Luffy in the lead, the crew goes to rescue the children and to abduct Caesar.
Caesar: How?! How did they get inside?! And in front of the Brokers, too. Dammit!  They're embarrassing me!
Sheepy: The Straw Hat Pirates and the Marines are planning to escape through the internal passage.
Caesar: What do I do... What do I do... What do I do?
Chopper: Master's a real devil. But it looks like everyone's safe. I'm so relieved. I don't know who gave it to me, but this paper... Did it mean that they'd be able to escape on their own? But how did they get out? And who threw it? This isn't the time to worry about that. I'm a doctor. I have to save the children as soon as possible. Somehow, I managed to figure out the structure of the drug. I got these sedatives, as well! Just wait for me. I'm definitely going to cure you! But, which way do I go?!
Caesar: What's the status of our soldiers?
Sheepy: Sir!  The guards in Tower A are currently engaging the enemy! But our primary force is stationed at the back of Tower B, preparing for battle!
Caesar: They must be trying to escape from the island. If that's the case, then there's only one path, the one past Tower R Gate 66. I won't let them get there. Seal the corridor between Towers A and B! Closing the gate isolates Tower A. And then, we destroy Tower A. The Land of Death will flow right in!
Sheepy: If you do that, then our guards will also-
Caesar: Just do it! And don't forget to deploy the Surveillance Snails!
Sheepy: M-Master...
Caesar: By doing so, we can restart the public experiment for the Brokers. The way things are, I haven't managed to demonstrate my genius at all! Now hurry up!
Sheepy: Yes, Sir!
Caesar: Hmph, they're worthless. What do you think you're doing, Vergo?
Vergo: Only the small-fry would be caught by such a simple trap. You aren't the only one who would be in trouble if Smoker or Law makes it out alive, Caesar. I can't just leave it to you. I'll cut them to pieces. Hmm?  That's weird.  Where is my sword?
Monet: I don't think you're a swordsman.
Vergo: That's right, I'm not a swordsman. Well then, I'll just go smash those brats.
Luffy: Where are you, Caesar?!
Run: I won't let you get past this point, Straw Hat! I'm the former pirate who guards the entrance to Tower B! They call me Run the Machete! In the name of Master, Caesar, the scientist of love,
Luffy: Those aren't animal legs!  I ain't gonna accept that! What kind of centaur are you supposed to be?!
Run: I'm a... spider.
Luffy: Outta my way! This is a giant hallway!
Smoker: Law, what's that alarm?
Law: It's a warning siren that means the gate to this tower is closing. There's only one passageway to Tower B.
Smoker: What?
Law: They're trying to lock us out. You should quickly move your men to the other side.
Marine: I don't know what time limit Trafalgar Law was talking about... but we ain't gonna let you escape from under our noses, Straw Hat Pirates! You got nowhere to run!
Tashigi: What's that alarm?
Zoro: Just give it up. Outta my way!
Marine: Hot! Cold!
Usopp: Wow!  We can always count on you three swordsmen!
Brownbeard: Alright, let's go!
Marine: Here they come!
Nami: We should make it to the children easily, like this.
Sanji: Brownbeard, sorry for making you carry us.
Brownbeard: I don't mind that. But why'd you bring that dragon?
Sanji: Oh, him? We thought if we caught him, he'd fly us away from the poison gas... but he couldn't fly at all.
Brownbeard: The reason why he can't fly is probably because he's been sedated. But it might have been a bad idea to bring him into the lab.
Nami: He's dangerous?  But he has such a cute face.
Marine: Chances like this don't come along every day! We'll definitely finish you off! This is my big break to earn honor!
Zoro: I warned you!
Marine: C-Captain-chan?!
Zoro: Oh, so the little copycat has made it to captain? But you're not really looking for a fight.
Tashigi: No, please, go ahead.
Brook: Oh, yes, yes! Until next time.  Yes, yes, yes!
Marines: Hold it!
Tashigi: G-5!  This isn't the time to fight! Please hurry to the corridor in the back! The only gate out of this tower is currently closing. Caesar plans to lock us in here! If we don't make it past the gate, then we won't be able to get off Punk Hazard! Hurry to the back!
Marines: What?!
Marine: This is terrible.  Okay men, hurry it up! Just like Tashigi-chan said!
Marine2: Carry the wounded!
Tashigi: Hurry!
Marine: Head straight to the gate!
Robin: What an awful thing to do.
Usopp: Robin, where were you?
Sanji: Robin-chwan!
Robin: Luffy just asked me to do something for him.
Nami: Anyway, did you hear what the marines were saying? Do your best, Brownie! Try to sprint a little faster!
Brownbead: That's impossible.  This is as fast as I can go.
Kin'emon: All we do is run!
Zoro: Did I just hear you complaining?
Kin'emon: You did not!
Brook: I'm not a samurai, so I'll say it. I'm tired of all this running!
Sheepy: Hey, why is Brownbeard helping the pirates?!
Sheepy2: Could he really have betrayed Master?!
Sheepy: Our great savior?!
Sheepy2: Anyway, let's hurry up! We're in danger, too!
Marine: Hurry up, G-5!
Tashigi: We're almost to the gate, hurry up!
Marine: It really is about to close!
Marine2: Hurry!  Hurry!
Sheepy: The research cannon is on standby! Now targeting the exterior wall of Laboratory Three, Tower A! Fire!
Marine: The wall was destroyed!
Marine2: H-hey... don't tell me?!
Marine: This ain't no joke!
Marine2: Run!  Run away!
Nami+Usopp: Noooo!
Kin'emon: What is it?!
Brook + Kin'emon: Noooo!
Zoro: You guys are too loud!
Nami+Usopp: Brownie, faster, faster, faster!
Smoker: Make sure those idiots escape.  And the kids, too.
Tashigi: Keep running and don't look back! I'll stay here!
Bagezo: Tashigi-chan!
Marine: Save m-
Marine2: Take my hand!
Marine: Run through the gate!
Marine2: If we don't make it through, we'll all die!
Nami+Usopp: Faster, faster, faster!
Brownbeard: Hold on tight! Okay, we made it through.
Kin'emon: Forsooth.
Brook: Just barely.
Marine: Hey!  Where's Tashigi-chan?!
Marine2: Tashigi-chan said for us to go ahead!
Marine: What?!
Tashigi: Go straight through the gate without stopping! Hurry!  Hurry! Hurry! What are you doing?
Marines: Hurry!
Tashigi: Put me down!
Marine: Tashigi-chan, you've already done enough!
Marine2: Now go on ahead and live.
Marines: Heave!
Marine: Huh?!  Captain-chan flew in at us!
Marine2: What happened?
Marine: That's great.  But why was she flying?
Tashigi: Please move!  There's still so many marines outside!
Marine: It's too dangerous!  It's already filled with gas.
Tashigi: Please move!
Marine: You can't!
Tashigi: If I don't hurry, the gate will close! Let me go!  People are still outside!
Pike: You say to let you go, but the gate's practically closed.
Tashigi: Smoker-san entrusted me to save everyone! So let me go!
Pike: Captain-chan, it's no use.
Tashigi: If I don't hurry!
Pike: It's too late!
Tashigi: How can you say that! We still have people on the other side of the gate! Get out of the way!
Pike: You can't do the impossible, Captain Tashigi! You guys did great! Our precious Captain-chan is safe with us
Caesar: So the scum died. But so many of them are still alive. I won't let any of you get away. Not a single one.
Narrator: Tashigi sheds tears as her men are taken down by Vergo. That's when he shows up.
Luffy: Next time on One Piece:
Luffy+title: The Traitorous Vice-Admiral
Luffy+title2: Demon Staff Vergo
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Luffy+title: The Traitorous Vice-Admiral
