Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Marine: This ain't no joke!
Marine2: Run!  Run away!
Tashigi: What are you doing?
SecondaryMarines: Hurry!
Tashigi: Put me down!
Marine: Tashigi-chan, you've already done enough!
Marine2: Now go on ahead and live.
Marines: Heave!
Tashigi: Smoker-san entrusted me to save everyone!
Pike: It's too late!
Tashigi: How can you say that! We still have people on the other side of the gate! Get out of the way! You can't do the impossible, Captain Tashigi! You guys did great! Our precious Captain-chan is safe with us!
Robin: I didn't expect him to let the gas in, and sacrifice his own lab.
Brook: This Caesar takes things way too far.
Usopp: We're safe for now, but we can't let our guard down.
Nami: Yes, we must find the children quickly, and then head for Tower R, Door 66.
Sanji: Then we gotta escape from this disgusting lab.
Zoro: Hey, don't be slacking off!
Brownbeard: Hey... just when did all of you get on my back? I thought it was getting a bit heavy.
Zoro: We're really sorry for asking so much from you, but please bear it.  There is no other way.
Brownbeard: Huh?  There's some profound reason for this?
Zoro: That's right... We're tired and don't want to run.
Brownbeard: That's a terrible reason!  Get off!
Kin'emon: You are called Brownbeard, if I am not mistaken? It pains me to burden you, but I must save my son Momonosuke with not a second to spare.
Brownbeard: Your son?
Kin'emon: Aye, but there be so much running this day... that further running doth be a royal pain in the ass!
Brownbeard: Get the hell off me!  What kind of idiot are you?!
Zoro: It's too hot to be wearing coats inside the lab.
Usopp: Yeah, I made a spot for them over here.
Zoro: Thanks.
Nami: I'll take mine off, too.
Brownbeard: Don't make yourself at home on other people's backs! If you aren't injured, then run yourself!
Brook: I sure am hungry.
Kin'emon: As a Samurai, I do not get hungry.
Brook: Brownbeard-san, would you happen to have anything to eat back here?
Brownbeard: Shut up!  I'm throwing all of you off when we get to the barracks!
Pike: Captain-chan!  Hey Captain-chan, are you even listening to us?! We have to keep moving!
Jelo(nocluehowtospell): They've been developing that horrible weapon here on Punk Hazard, which was supposed to be sealed off!
Gal(nocluehowtospell): If we don't stop it, it could do massive damage to the world!
Marine: We gotta get off the island and notify HQ!
Marine2: What happened to you, Captain-chan?!
Marine: We've gotta live and return to the Navy. Are you going to let the men who saved you die in vain?!
Tashigi: I'm so sorry. Let's go!
Marine: Hey wait.  What's that sound?
Marine2: There's something up by the ceiling!
Marine: What kind of creature is that?! Isn't that the thing that came in with the Straw Hat Pirates? You mean it's not just a weird lizard?!
Tashigi: I've heard rumors... that there are real dragons on Punk Hazard. Mythical creatures that Doctor Vegapunk brought to life in order to guard the island!
Marine: His face wasn't so scary before.
Marine2: He's coming! He dodged 'em!
Pike: T-That's carbon steel!
Marine: If we get bitten by those jaws...
Tashigi: Everyone, run to Tower B!
Marine: He flies, spits fire, and chews steel!
Marine2: What is with this monster?!
Marine: What?
Marine2: He went straight past us.
Marine: Is he running away?
Pike: He seemed to be panicking.
Marine: He must be scared of Captain Tashigi.
Pike: He was terrified.
Marine: Captain Tashigi, rejoice! Elite reinforcements just arrived on Punk Hazard! The Vice-Admiral came to save us!
Tashigi: Vergo!
Marine: Both Vice-Admiral Smokey and Vice-Admiral Vergo are here now!  The two best fighters of G-5!
Marine2: We're invincible!
Tashigi: You're wrong...
Marine: Alright!  We're saved!
Tashigi: Everyone... run away... Run away!
Marine: V-Vice-Admiral Vergo, did those guys do something wrong? Shigan: Finger Gun Even as corporal punishment, if they get hit by your shigan, they might...
Vergo: Welcome. I've heard rumors about you, Commodore Smoker. I look forward to working with you. The men in G-5 are rough around the edges and they aren't all that bright. But once you get to know them, you'll see that they're better than their reputation. Before long, I'm sure you'll come to see them as your cute subordinates.
Tashigi: Where's Vice-Admiral Vergo?
Marine: He ain't here.
Tashigi: Where is he?
Marine: Don't worry.  Vice-Admiral Vergo quietly goes to visit his hometown, now and again.
Marine2: He's got a sick little sister.
Marine: Vice-Admiral!  Please stop!
Pike: It's not like there was a direct connection between our cannons hitting your house and it being...
Vergo: My apologies. I must take responsibility for my subordinates' actions.
Marine: Hag!
Marine2: Don't overstep your place!
Vergo: I understand. Whatever I must do to make up for it, I will.
Marine: Vice-Admiral Vergo.
Tashigi: Vice-Admiral Vergo, About the kidnapped child bulletin that was posted the other day...
Vergo: Yes, I looked into it, but it turns out it was just a shipwreck. In other words, a false report.
Tashigi: A false report?
Vergo: It's the same with all parents, no one can easily accept the death of a child. It gives them hope to think that their child was just kidnapped. If you become a parent one day, then you'll also understand.
Tashigi: So that's what happened?
Vergo: Yes, that's what happened.
Tashigi: Everyone, get back! He isn't the man you know! He's been plotting from the beginning...
Pike: Captain-chan! Captain-chan! He's an imposter! Vergo-san would never do that to Captain-chan!
Marine: Yeah!  Is it a disguise?  A Devil Fruit ability? Don't you go pretending to be Vice-Admiral Vergo!
Marine2: Vice-Admiral Vergo always helps misfit and outcast marines like us! He's a man of honor! Don't pretend to be him! Get ready to fight, you damned impostor!
Marine: Die!
Marine2: You won't get away with this, you impostor!
Tashigi: My voice... won't work. Please, stop! Save me, Smoker-san!
Sanji: There's a lady...
Vergo: Who goes there?
Sanji: ...calling me!
Tashigi: He's...
Marine: A member of the Straw Hat Pirates.
Marine2: What's a pirate doing here?
Sanji: I heard the sound of a woman's tears falling.
Usopp: Sanji flew into a rage and took off.
Zoro: Probably because he also sensed that unknown presence. Let him go.
Robin: Something's coming.
Usopp: That's...
Brook: That's the dragon from earlier.
Nami: No, he looks a bit different.
Brook: What's different?
Nami: His eyes.
Brownbeard: I knew the sedatives would wear off.
Nami: Sedatives?
Brownbeard: Yeah, he's always been a ferocious creature. You can't control him without sedatives. And the smaller they are, the more recently they were created.  That one's particularly advanced! He's more agile and his body's tougher. We have to get out of here!
Brook: Run away quickly!
Luffy: Damn, I ain't losing to you!
Smoker: Straw Hat, where are you going?
Luffy: I'm going to capture Caesar.  What about you?
Smoker: I'm going to settle it with Vergo, once and for all.
Luffy: Is he with Caesar?
Smoker: Probably.  Don't get in my way.
Luffy: Hey!  Wait up!
Mocha: Save me! I'm scared!  Let me out! Save me.
Sheepy: Hey, that's enough.  Come away from the door.
Sheepy2: Let's go meet up with the other kids.
Sheepy: Let's go have some delicious candy with them. Now, let's go to the Biscuits Room.
Mocha: Mister!  Lady!  Save me!
Chopper: If I don't get out of here... then I can't save the children.
Mocha: Let me out of here!
Chopper: Huh? Why is there a kid here?
Mocha: Let me out!
Sheepy: Be quiet!
Sheepy2: If you don't give it a rest, we'll fire!
Chopper: Stop!
Sheepy: Who's there! We'll shoot! Freeze!
Chopper: Are you okay?
Mocha: A monster! Save me!
Chopper: Withdrawal symptoms... Calm down! That's right!  The sedatives! She'll calm down If I inject her with this. Hold on, I'm gonna help you!
Mocha: Save me!
Chopper: This won't hurt a bit. Alright, done. It should just take a second.
Mocha: What was I doing?
Chopper: You were banging on the door.
Mocha: That's right.  I wanted to get out...
Chopper: We went through a lot of trouble to break you out, so why are you back here?
Mocha: We came back to the lab on the gas-balloon that Master sent for us. But Mister and Lady said we mustn't go back to the lab.
Chopper: Of course!  Where are the other children? They all went to the Biscuits Room, because that's where the candy is. What?  They can't eat that candy! This is bad. I'm begging you.  Show me the way to the Biscuits Room.
Mocha: Okay. I know a shortcut to the Biscuits Room, so I'll show you the way.
Caesar: What the hell is Vergo doing? The G-5 soldiers are essential test subjects! If they don't die to my Land of Death, then there's no point!  That idiot! Well, fine.  I will seal the inside gate of the corridor and open the outside gate to release the gas.
Monet: But Vergo is still in there.
Caesar: Why should I care about that idiot's life?!  Now do it!
Mocha: The Biscuits Room is this way.
Chopper: Let's hurry.
Sind: The Biscuits Room is this way!
Konbu: Please, give me candy!
Chopper: This is bad.  Those are the kids?
Kids(faint): Candy.
Chopper: Don't let them through this door! Mocha, if you want to save your friends, help me.
Mocha: Okay!
Chopper: Mocha, hold it closed.
Sind: We gotta get to the Biscuits Room!
Chopper: Got it?  We absolutely must not let them get to the Biscuits Room, at any cost.
Mocha: Yeah.
Sind: Open the door!
Mocha: Hey... Why can't we eat the candy?
Chopper: Well you see...
Smoker: You good?
Luffy: I'm not good!  Just wait a second. I had to sprint here so fast that I set the ground on fire! You cheated with your floaty smokey flying stuff!
Smoker: Okay, you ready?
Luffy: Wait a sec.  I said wait! Wait until I say it's okay. I'm starting to get a little better... Hey!  I didn't say it was okay yet!
Smoker: Just remember, Vergo's mine.
Luffy: Yeah, got it.  And Caesar's mine. Don't you interfere! I got this! You ain't getting away this time! Caesar!
Narrator: Caesar's Gas Gas Fruit power seems to overwhelm Luffy... but then he puts all his might into a single counterattack!
