Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors. The crew has landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. There they were captured by Caesar Clown, who controls the island... and forced to face his weapon of mass destruction, Land of Death. But thanks to the cleverness of Law, one of the Seven Warlords of the Sea, they were able to reunite, and headed for their only escape route: Tower R, Door 66. Meanwhile, the head of G-5, Vice-Admiral Vergo appeared before Tashigi's group, and...
Marine: Captain Tashigi, rejoice! Elite reinforcements just arrived on Punk Hazard! The Vice-Admiral came to save us!
Tashigi: Vergo!
Marine: Both Vice-Admiral Smokey and Vice-Admiral Vergo are in the fight now!  The two best fighters of G-5! We're invincible!
Tashigi: You're wrong...
Marine: Alright!  We're saved!
Tashigi: Everyone... run away... Run away!
Marine: V-Vice-Admiral Vergo, did those guys do something wrong? Even as corporal punishment, if they get hit by your shigan, they might...
Tashigi: Everyone, get back! He isn't the man you know! He's been plotting from the beginning...
Marine: Captain-chan! You won't get away with this, you impostor!
Tashigi: Please, stop! Save me, Smoker-san!
Sanji: There's a lady...
Vergo: Who goes there?
Sanji: ...calling me! I heard the sound of a woman's tears falling.
Smoker: You good? I'm not good!  Just wait a second. I had to sprint here so fast that I set the ground on fire! I'm starting to get a little better... Hey!  I didn't say it was okay yet! Just remember, Vergo's mine.
Luffy: Yeah, got it.  And Caesar's mine. Don't you interfere! I got this! You ain't getting away this time! Caesar!
title: A White Hot Battle Luffy VS Caesar
Law: White Hunter. Don't touch Caesar. If people start crushing those hearts, our side will lose more than theirs will. I won't let you act on your own until we get my heart back from Vergo. As long as we're on this island, you will obey me. You got that?
Smoker: Our path should have been the shortest... and we moved as fast as possible. Where are you... Vergo?!
Caesar: Damn!  You persistent bastard!
Luffy: I've got you!
Caesar: Really, do you? Straw Hat! Why do you keep coming after me?!
Luffy: I don't know yet!  But I was told that something interesting will happen if I kidnap you!
Caesar: You seem to have formed an alliance.  Law's idea, I suppose? You can't trust him.  He will definitely betray you. You should just break it!
Luffy: That's... for me to decide!
Caesar: Oh, so you want more pain, rubber-brat?!
Luffy: That thing that makes me unable to breathe!
Caesar: Indeed!  Because I removed all the oxygen! An attack out of desperation like that won't work on me!
Luffy: This far, huh?
Caesar: That's right. I can only steal your breath within a certain range. But can you maintain that distance?
Luffy: Now that I know that, it's time for this!
Caesar: Not happening! Damn, that hurt! But if you get too close to me, you'll start suffocating again!
Luffy: Not again!
Caesar: Does it hurt?  Look, here's the oxygen! I control gas!  Even if poison gas doesn't affect you, there are plenty of other ways I can attack you!
Luffy: That air removal thing of his sure is a pain! Again!
Caesar: Now burn to a crisp!
Luffy: That was close! Not again!
Caesar: Go to hell, Straw Hat!
Marine: What's that?! Hurry up!  The gate is closing! Run!
Vergo: What are you playing at, pirate?
Sanji: Beating proper table manners into the damn bastards who hurt ladies is my style.
Vergo: I do not have time to worry about your style.
Marine: That's Black Leg, from the Straw Hat Pirates! Why is he helping us?
Tashigi: Black Leg...
Marine: He's strong!
Usopp: Hey, hey, that dragon's really bad news!  Look out!
Zoro: He looks pretty ferocious, alright.
Nami: Brownie, run faster!
Brownbeard: This is as fast as I go! If you don't like it, then get off and run yourself!
Usopp: He's coming for us!
Robin: Those flames look rather hot.
Usopp: This is no time to be calmly commenting on that!
Nami: Brook, do something!
Usopp: T-That's right!  I leave it to you!
Brook: W-Why must I? I'm just as scared of the dragon as you are!
Nami: Just do it!  You're the oldest, right?!
Brook: That's right!  So please respect your elders!
Gasmask soldier: Hey, this is bad! What? The Navy and the Straw Hat Pirates made it into Tower B! So they might reach us in Tower D, too?! Don't worry. There's no way anyone could make it all the way... Who's there?! Y-You're... Trafalgar Law! What's going on?!  How did he get here?! Who cares!  He's a traitor! What?! What's this?!  What's going on here?! W-What is this?!  Someone tell me what's going on!
Caesar: I won't let you get away, Straw Hat!
Luffy: Can't breathe!
Caesar: You sure are hard to kill!
Luffy: I can breathe here!
Caesar: I won't let you take a breath! Running out of air?  I see your movements are getting pretty sluggish, Straw Hat! There!  There!  There! There!  There!  There! There!  There! Just bite the dust already, Straw Hat!
Luffy: Will you... get away from me already?!
Caesar: You're so annoying, you damn Haki-user!
Luffy: If I don't catch him soon... I'll run out of breath!
Caesar: That's right, Straw Hat! You want to capture me, right? It's no use! It doesn't matter one bit how strong you are! All I have to do is remove the oxygen, and you'll be dead in a heartbeat! Now, let's see you try and catch me!
Marine: Black Leg from the Straw Hat Pirates is fighting that damn fake Vergo! We have to back him up!
Sanji: What are you doing?!  Get out of here! They're trying to shut us in here and fill this area with gas too! See?
Marine: The killer gas is coming! Run!
Sanji: I see. He's like a mass of iron, or something along those lines.
Vergo: Don't get in my way. This is an internal affair.
Sanji: My captain hates people like you more than anyone. He's... He's no pushover!
Marine: Hey, Black Leg! The gate's closing!  Hurry and get over here! The poison gas is right behind you! Hurry!
Caesar: Why don't you just give up, Straw Hat? You have two options. Either you turn tail and flee from this lab... or you burn to a crisp. The purpose of this live experiment is to show the power of the Land of Death to the Brokers! Roasting you to death is less than ideal for me, too.
Luffy: Choking again!
Caesar: Straw Hat, I will overlook what you've done this time. Now get the hell-
Luffy: I will capture you!
Caesar: Looks like you really want to die.
Luffy: If I can't breathe... then I'll just send you flying with a single breath!
Caesar: Huh?  What are you on about? Useless!  But if you want me to kill you, then so be it! Die, Straw Hat! Wha-
Luffy: What's this?!  A wall?!
Monet: Quite impressive.  Most pirates wouldn't be able to break that wall.
Luffy: Huh?  Are you a Devil Fruit user?
Caesar: Shit!  That rubber bastard!
Monet: Run away, Master.  This battle is meaningless.
Caesar: You can say that again. We're still in the middle of our important live experiment, after all.
Luffy: What was that?!  You running away?!
Caesar: So long, Straw Hat!  Struggle as much as you like! I've just thought of a way to guarantee that you'll become a subject of my experiment! Look forward to it!
Luffy: Hey, wait!
Monet: I won't let you go after him. If something were to happen to Master... Joker would wipe me out.
Luffy: You mean the bird-guy I saw during the war? What's the deal with him, anyway?!
Gasmask soldier: Huh?  Hey, what's going on here?! Trafalgar?! This is not good! Send an emergency message to all towers!  Quick! Okay! Tower D reporting!  Tower D reporting! Emergency message to all towers in Laboratory Three!
Caesar: What's going on?
Gasmask soldier: Tower D reporting! Emergency message to all towers in Laboratory Three! Trafalgar Law of the Seven Warlords... has broken into the SAD Manufacturing Room!
Caesar: What?!  Are you out of your mind?! If you mess with his plans, the consequences will be dire!
Vergo: So that's his plan!
Sanji: W-What?! This is not good!
Monet: Kidnapping Master and now the SAD... I know what your goal is.
Smoker: Vergo!
Vergo: Law teamed up with Straw Hat in order to ambush us! He must have joined the Seven Warlords of the Sea just to get into that room. Damn kid! He's planning to make the worst possible scenario actually happen. Does he really want to... throw the entire New World into chaos?!
Narrator: Just when Law is about to initiate a scheme that will shake the New World, that man makes his move!
Luffy: Next time, on One Piece: The One Pulling Strings from the Shadows! Doflamingo Makes his Move! I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
