Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors. The crew has landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. There they were captured by Caesar Clown, who controls the island... and forced to face his weapon of mass destruction, Land of Death. But thanks to their clever ally, Law of the Seven Warlords of the Sea, they were able to escape. After reuniting, the crew is now headed for Door R-66. Meanwhile, Luffy finally reached the laboratory, and began an epic battle to capture Caesar!
Luffy: That's... for me to decide!
Caesar: Oh, so you want more pain, rubber-brat?!
Luffy: That thing that makes me unable to breathe!
Caesar: Not happening!
Luffy: What's this?!  A wall?!
Monet: Quite impressive.  Most pirates wouldn't be able to break that wall.
Luffy: Huh?  Are you a Devil Fruit user?
Caesar: Shit!  That rubber bastard!
Luffy: What was that?!  You running away?!
Caesar: So long, Straw Hat!  Struggle as much as you like! I've just thought of a way to guarantee that you'll become a subject of my experiment! Look forward to it!
Luffy: Hey, wait!
Monet: I won't let you go after him. If something were to happen to Master... Joker would wipe me out.
Title: The One Pulling Strings from the Shadows! Doflamingo Makes his Move!
Law: This thing will eventually... shake the entire New World to its core.
Gasmask soldier: Tower D reporting! Emergency message to all towers in Laboratory Three! The traitor, Trafalgar Law... has broken into the SAD Manufacturing Room!
Sanji: Hang in there!
Gasmask soldier: I repeat! The traitor, Trafalgar Law...
Marine: Wait!  The gate can't close yet! The fake Vergo and Black Leg are still in there! It's closed! It's over!  The killer gas has already flooded the corridor! Black Leg! Bro! Black Leg!
Sanji: Hey! Are you alright?! You... cute marine-swan?!
Marine: Black Leg! Black Leg! I'm so glad you're alive! Thank you!
Sanji: Can it, you bastards! Listen up!  I only want to hear high-pitched, feminine cheers!
Marine: Hey, Black Leg!  Were you injured?
Sanji: Shut it! I only want to hear high-pitched, feminine voices of concern! That was close! If that fight had gone on much longer... But what's the deal with that guy?  Isn't he your boss?
Marine: Don't be ridiculous! There's no way he's the real Vice-Admiral Vergo! He's an impostor! Right, Captain-chan?
Vergo: Before long, I'm sure you'll come to see them as your cute subordinates.
Tashigi: Yes, of course he's fake. The real Vice-Admiral Vergo is like a father to you. He would never do something like that!
Marine: Yeah!  The real Vice-Admiral Vergo is kind and cares for his men!
Sanji: Well, I wouldn't know if that guy was an impostor or not... but in any case, he ran off with a worried look on his face.
Tashigi: Let's get moving! We must rescue the children and get out of here!
Marine: Yeah! We'll follow you, Captain-chan!
Doflamingo: Law's after the SAD?
Vergo: Indeed.  This confirms that he's betrayed us.
Doflamingo: I see. I thought as much. After I raised him like a brother for all this time. This is so disappointing.
Vergo: I know.
Doflamingo: The SAD Manufacturing Room, huh? If I were him, what would I do... First of all... I'd destroy that room. And he's trying to capture Caesar, you say? Hmm, I would've just killed him.
Baby 5: How dare you kill my lover?!
Doflamingo: After all, Caesar is the only one in the world... who knows how to make SAD. But if he actually did that... I'd be the one inconvenienced, Vergo. If Caesar is killed, no one will be able to make that gas. My business will go down the drain.
Doffy's crewmate: Calm down -in, Baby 5. You shouldn't treat the young master like that -in.
Baby 5: This time, he's gone too far! I am going to murder this piece of filth!
Doflamingo: And if I'm inconvenienced like that, you know what happens next? What happens is... a chain of misfortune will extend to everyone involved!
Giolla: What are you planning to do, young master? What will become of adorable little Law-chan?
Lao G: Isn't it obvious? He's clearly rebelling against us!  Right, young master?
Doflamingo: I know it must be tough for you, but will you finish off Law for me? Make sure he dies so cruelly... that he regrets ever being born!
Vergo: Understood. I'll take a picture of his corpse and show it to you, Doffy. Using the camera I just bought at Dressrosa.
Doflamingo: You didn't actually buy a camera, did you?
Vergo: Oh, that's right.  I didn't buy a camera. In that case, I'll just chop off his ear instead.
Doflamingo: I look forward to receiving it. Caesar.  Monet.  Can you hear me?
Monet: Loud and clear, Joker.
Luffy: Joker?
Caesar: Of course, Joker!
Doflamingo: I'm sure I don't have to tell you to watch out for Law, but be careful of Straw Hat as well. He's awakened his Haki of Conquerors. He might even have more potential than Law does.
Monet: Really?  You're that strong?
Caesar: That kid can use the Haki of Conquerors?!
Doflamingo: I happen to have a woman lusting for blood here. I'll send Baby 5 and Buffalo to meet you. When you're done over there, all of you will come to Dressrosa.
Monet: Alright.
Caesar: Roger that.
Luffy: I don't know what that bird-guy was talking about, but I'm gonna capture Caesar! What's this?  Snow? Dammit!
Monet: I won't let you leave!
Luffy: Why... is it snowing inside?
Monet: I'm a snow-human, who ate the Yuki Yuki Fruit. I can control snow at will. How do you like my power?
Luffy: This is nothing!  It's just snow!
Monet: I can do this, too!
Luffy: Guess that won't work.
Monet: Sorry, but I'll have to ask you to stay here a little longer.
Luffy: This again? Where'd she go?
Mocha: Alright!  I won't let anyone eat the candy! Then we can all go home together!
Chopper: That's the spirit!
Konbu: Open the door, Mocha!
Chopper: The door won't last long at this rate! Mocha, you have to get out of here!
Mocha: Right!  But what about you, Chopper-chan?
Chopper: I'll stay here and keep the children busy! You have to get rid of all the candy in the Biscuits Room!
Mocha: Okay!
Chopper: I'm counting on you, Mocha!
Zoro: Man, this dragon sure is a lot more trouble than the big one was! It's really fast.
Brownbeard: This is no time to be relaxing on your back! Stop that dragon!
Robin: This tower is already becoming an inferno.
Usopp: If we don't stop him, the tanks might explode, and then...
Brownbeard: ...the outer walls will be destroyed, and the killer gas will flood in here! If that happens, we're all done for!
Usopp: We gotta do something about this!
Kin'emon: Hold it right there, gentlemen! I cannot remain quiet after the word Dragon has been spoken! Their very existence is an insult to me! I shall be the one who-
Brook: No!  I cannot forgive that dragon either!
Usopp: Why are you so upset?
Brook: Well... did you see how he acted earlier?! He charged in to eat me... Huh?  Um... Whaaaat?! ...and then he got all disappointed and gave up! What an insult! It's so frustrating!  I cannot stand this!
Usopp: Your bones have no edible meat on them, after all.
Brook: Bones have plenty of nutrition!
Usopp: Fine... whatever you say.
Brook: Kin'emon-san.  Let me handle this!
Kin'emon: What are you saying?! Stand back and leave this to me!
Brook: No, me!
Kin'emon: I shall do it!
Brook: No, me!
Kin'emon: No, I!
Brook: No, me! Huh?
Nami: Take the bait... Take the bait... Nin-nin-nin!
Brownbeard: Wait, what are you doing?
Nami: Pretending to be a samurai!
Usopp: No, that's a ninja!
Nami: Here he comes!
Brook: Ah!  My target!
Kin'emon: Unbelievable!  The breast-band girl knows ninjutsu?!
Nami: Will you stop calling me that?!
Usopp: Have a taste of the world's smelliest flower!
Kin'emon: And I suspected the mystical Sir Tengu could also use sorcery!
Usopp: There's nothing mystical about me!
Kin'emon: Even the courtesan can use ninjutsu?!
Brook: It's falling!  I will deal the killing blow!
Kin'emon: No!  Leave it to me!
Brook: Here it comes!
Kin'emon: Follow me, Sir Corpse!
Zoro: He cut fire again!
Brook: Excellent work.
Kin'emon: I am honored.
Brook: Who are you calling a corpse?! Oh, wait, I am a corpse.
Usopp: Alright!
Robin: They pulled it off.
Usopp: Total victory!
Brook: Now say that bones are tasty!
Kin'emon: You disgust me!  Filthy dragon! Curse you!  Curse you!  Curse you!
Brook: Excuse me, but Kin'emon-san, why do you hate the dragon so much? It's like it killed your parents or something.
Kin'emon: Killed my parents?!  That is not far from the truth!
Brook: H-Hang on...
Nami: You two!  Hurry and get back on! We'll leave you behind!
Brook: Ah!  Please wait!
Nami: What?  Hey, look over there!
Robin: That voice!
Nami: Chopper has changed into his monster form!
Zoro: What is he doing?
Ginko: Here.
Gasmask soldier: There don't seem to be any problems. You can go back to the Biscuits Room now.
Ginko: Really?!
Gasmask soldier: Yes.  There's candy there.
Ginko: Yay! By the way, where did that boy go?
Gasmask soldier: A boy?
Ginko: Yeah. The one who went into that secret room we're not allowed to enter... and got turned into a small dragon... Momonosuke.
Narrator: Luffy is at the mercy of the Yuki Yuki Fruit's powers... and he rapidly loses all his strength!
