Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors. The crew has landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. Luffy and his crew have learned Caesar's true intentions... but then they had to immediately run away from the looming threat of the Land of Death. Now they begin their plan to save the children, kidnap Caesar, and escape from the island.
Doffy: After I raised him like a brother for all this time. This is so disappointing.
Vergo: I know.
Doffy: I know it must be tough for you, but will you finish off Law for me? Make sure he dies so cruelly... that he regrets ever being born!
title: Luffy Freezes to Death!? The Terrifying Snow Woman, Monet!
Vergo: I guess this is what you could call "biting the hand that feeds you," Law. It goes beyond what we can allow as a child's mischief. You're too clever for your own good. People like you... need to be disposed of quickly. It would be easy to kill you by squeezing your heart, but I won't do that. It'll be satisfying to take my time and torment you. I'm gonna fix that cocky little face of yours. I'll make you remember what fear tastes like. Just like before. Get up, Law. It's too soon for you to die.
Luffy: Damn, what are you trying to do? Hey, Bird-woman!  Get out here!
Monet: I won't let you reach Master.
Luffy: The same thing again?  In that case... Another wall?  What's she doing?! And what's with this wall! Hey, Bird-woman!  What're you doing?!
Monet: Ten Layer Igloo It's ten igloos nested one inside the other. I can make them one after another, so it won't break easily.
Luffy: What is this, you just wasting time? In that case, I'll break them all at once!
Monet: I guess someone as strong as you... could easily destroy this igloo.
Luffy: So stop doing pointless things!
Monet: Don't get so burnt up about it.
Luffy: I'm not planning on losing to you!
Monet: I'm sure you're not. I'm also sure that I'm not as strong as you. But... the strongest fighter doesn't always win, do they?
Luffy: Cold... You're like ice. Lemme go!
Monet: I'm not going to let you go. Once in my embrace, you no longer have the strength to resist. Already, this cold body of mine has started to drain your vitality. And eventually, even your heart will freeze. You'll die just as if you were going to sleep. Look, we're surrounded by this thick snow. You're irresistibly sleepy, aren't you? That's right.  Good.  Let your body relax. Feels good, doesn't it? That's right, forget your worries and close your eyes. Let it all go. Good night.
Zoro: Take things seriously! The New World will only continue getting tougher!
Monet: The floor?! What a surprising reserve of hidden strength. But from here you'll just fall into the ducts and end up deep underground in the garbage dump. Unless you can fly, you'll never get back up. You put yourself into your own grave. Farewell.
Children: Candy!  Give us candy!
Chopper: You must never eat that candy again.
Children: Shut up!  Get out of the way!
Chopper: Don't you want to go home? I know it's hard, but you have to be strong! I won't let you past me. I won't let you into the Biscuits Room!
Kid: Move!
Kid2: Outta the way!
Kid: Why you!
Kid2: Candy!
Chopper: Stop!
Kid: Lemme go!  Gimme candy! Candy!
Chopper: You can't!
Kid: Ow!  It hurts!
Chopper: Oh, sorry.  I didn't mean to hurt you...
Cind: Out of the way, Monster!
Doran: The candy is ours!
Chopper: It's over.  I can't fight them, or stop them.
Kid: Now's our chance!
Byo: Let's go to the Biscuits Room!
Chopper: You can't!  You can't go there! Oh no!  The Rumble Ball is fading.
Kid: We can eat the candy!
Kid2: Candy!
Kid: Go to the Biscuits Room!
Kid2: We can eat candy!
Chopper: Hey! Wait! It's no use.  My body won't move, dammit. You can't go in there! If you're exposed to any more of the drug... your body won't be able to handle it! I beg you, everyone, please, stop! Stop! Please don't eat the candy! Dammit!  Dammit! Just because I'm out of strength...
Nami: Chopper, what's happening?
Chopper: Nami, guys!
Brook: Are you okay, Chopper-san?
Zoro: What's going on with the kids?
Robin: They're even more violent.
Kinemon: Momonosuke!  Where are you?!
Chopper: I'm so happy you came for me.
Usopp: Tell us the situation, Chopper!
Chopper: Just as we thought, Caesar is turning them into giants to create fearsome soldiers. It's too much for me to handle by myself. At any rate, please stop the children, quickly! The Biscuits Room is down the corridor and on the left. That's where the candy is. A girl named Mocha is there, all alone. She's still sane and has been helping me. Somehow the two of us managed to hold everyone back for a while... but we couldn't stop them. She's guarding the candy in the Biscuits Room now.
Children: We've made it to the Biscuits Room! Candy!
Chopper: Mocha's in danger!
Robin: Take this chance to catch up to them!
Usopp: I'm counting on your help.
Children: You're in the way!
Robin: It isn't going to be easy to stop them.
Usopp: If they're gonna be like that, they're forcing our hands.
Nami: Mocha's in trouble!
Kid: Mocha, give us the candy!
Mocha: No, you can't!  I can't give this to you!
Kids: Candy!
Mocha: This is bad candy!
CindDoran: Candy!
Mocha: Pull yourselves together! We asked Chopper-chan to save us!
Cind: Give it!
Mocha: No! If you don't listen to them, we won't be able to go home!
Chopper: That won't work.  Run away!  Now, Mocha!
Doran: Hey, wait!  Hogging it is unfair! Get her!
Cind: Stop!  Are you going to keep it all for yourself?!
Mocha: I won't give them the candy, no matter what! We're all going home together! What?!
Usopp: It's freezing!  We're gonna freeze!
Mocha: The exit's sealed.  What should I do?
Monet: There's nothing to worry about.
Mocha: It's Monet-san.
Zoro: Who's that chick?
Usopp: It's her! Hey, see?!  It's the bird-lady I told you about!
Mocha: Monet-san, please save me!
Monet: Mocha, you shouldn't be selfish. Split it up and share with everyone.
Kinemon: What?  She also uses magic?!
Zoro: Is she a Logia?
Usopp: I knew she'd be an enemy.
Mocha: Monet-san, why?
Ginko: By the way, where did that boy go?
Sheepy: A boy?
Ginko: Yeah. The one who went into that secret room we're not allowed to enter... and got turned into a small dragon... Momonosuke.
Sheepy: One of you little brats turned into a dragon? Ah!  I mean, little kids!
Sheepy2: Missy, where did you hear about that?
Ginko: I saw it myself.  I was hiding. It was in the secret room, so I never told anyone. We came here together on the same boat, so I'm worried about him.
Sheepy: Oh, I see.  But he's fine.
Sheepy2: This laboratory is huge. There's plenty of infirmaries, so he's just been moved somewhere else.
Ginko: But is he eating now? Why wasn't he eating?
Sheepy: No, he's eating.  You don't need to worry. He's fine. Listen up.  You can never talk about him, or the secret room, to anyone else.
Ginko: Okay.
Sheepy: To think that there's a kid here who knows about that.
Sheepy2: Let's report this to Master.
Caesar: I can't believe that I'm entering the secret room willingly! But it's the only place I can do this. It's all their fault! This was supposed to be a beautiful show, suitable for the world's greatest scientific genius. But they messed it all up! Straw Hat Luffy.  His crew. The G-5 Marines. Trafalgar Law. You ruined my plans so now I'm going to make you regret it until you wind up in hell! Bow before my scientific prowess!
Law: Are you guys starting to worry that your plan is falling apart? The thing in this room... seems really important to you.
Vergo: Bite your tongue, brat.
Law: Heart, return!
Vergo: I have a message from Joker. He says that it's a shame.
Law: It didn't work? Snatching my heart back from Caesar would have gone according to plan. The only thing I didn't expect was your arrival, Vergo.
Vergo: Vergo-san! I'm rather busy at the moment, but I guess you won't wait... Vice-Admiral Smoker. I was planning to silence you either way.
Smoker: Get it over with, then.  I don't think I can stand looking at this trash before me for much longer... Pirate Vergo.
Narrator: Smoker is enraged by Vergo's betrayal of his men. But Vergo presses in on Smoker with overpowering Haki! Smoker puts his pride as a Marine on the line. The red-hot battle between Smoker and Vergo flares up!
Luffy: Next time on One Piece:
Bot: The Battle of Two Vice-Admirals
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
