Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors. The crew has landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. There they learned about the plans of Caesar Clown, the master of this island, while running from his weapon of mass destruction, Land of Death. Along with their ally, Law of the Seven Warlords of the Sea, they put in motion their plan to kidnap Caesar, save the children and escape from the island.
Monet: The floor?! What a surprising reserve of hidden strength. But from here you'll just fall into the ducts and end up deep underground in the garbage dump. Unless you can fly, you'll never get back up. You put yourself into your own grave. Farewell.
Law: It didn't work? Snatching my heart back from Caesar would have gone according to plan. The only thing I didn't expect was your arrival, Vergo.
Vergo: Vergo-san! I'm rather busy at the moment, but I guess you won't wait... Vice-Admiral Smoker.
Monet: Mocha, that delicious candy belongs to everyone, remember? Be nice, stop fighting, and share it with everyone.
Mocha: No! No one should be allowed to eat this candy.
Monet: Such an unreasonable child.
Nami: Hey!  What do you think you're doing?
Usopp: That's right, we don't have time to play around with you.
Monet: Don't be so rude. I know all about you guys. You're the crew that has upset the world, The Straw Hat Pirates. I'm just happy to meet you.
Zoro: And who are you?!
Monet: I'm Monet, a Devil Fruit User who ate the Yuki Yuki Fruit.
Robin: Usopp, Brook, I'm gonna stop the children from going any closer. You guys search for a pair of Sea Stone Handcuffs.
Usopp: Sea Stone Handcuffs?
Brook: Why do you need them?
Robin: It was a request from Luffy.
Usopp: I don't really understand, but alright.
Brook: Just leave it to us.
Kin'emon: I shall accompany you. I must search for Momonosuke.
Usopp: Alright, lets go.
Smoker: What is this dangerous looking room?
Vergo: It's something you don't need to know about.
Law: Hey, why are you looking away? I didn't say that I give up!
Vergo: I'll kill you later. Shut up and stay on the ground.
Smoker: Vergo, I don't want my subordinates to find out about this. They love you like a father. To find out that you're Joker's dog, and would betray them like this...
Vergo: Oh, it's too late to do anything about that. I already met them a few minutes ago.
Smoker: What did you do?
Vergo: What indeed?
Smoker: Vergo!
Vergo: You seem pretty upset, Smoker-kun. Are you seriously worried about those misfit Marines? As base leader I can do whatever I want to my useless subordinates. And since you guys know too much, I'm gonna have to make you disappear.
Smoker: It doesn't matter how long you've been with them, or that you're their base leader. Since you left the base, they've become my subordinates. Don't you lay a finger on them!
Sanji: What happened here?
Random Marine: Hot, hot it's damn hot!
Random Marine 2: There's nowhere left to walk.
Random Marine 3: Just what on earth happened here?!
Tashigi: Hurry it up, bring the injured people to the front.
Sanji: And protect Tashigi-chan!
Tashigi: Please stop acting so friendly!  We're enemies!
Sanji: That's only according to society's rules, pirates are free to do what they want.
Random Marine 4: The way you kicked that fake Vergo is enough to even make a man fall in love with you.
Random Marine 5: That was really cool, bro.
Sanji: Can it!  I said I don't want any cheers from the men!
Tashigi: Please stop calling that pirate "bro"!
Random Marine 6: A tank exploded!
Random Marine 7: It caught fire!
Sanji: This is bad.  It punched a hole through the wall.
Random Marine 8: On the other side too.  Damn it all!
Sanji: Run, you guys!
Random Marine 9: What's wrong, you look pale.
Sanji: The gas is leaking in from outside! It's the killer gas from earlier!
Marine Group: What?!
Sanji: If you don't want to die then start running!
Random Marine 10: Nooo!
Tashigi: Even this huge space in Building B will be flooded with gas in no time!
Sanji: Stop whining and get moving! Tashigi-chan, run! You'll die if you hesitate! Just focus on going the right way!
Tashigi: Black Leg!
Sanji: Hurry up, you guys!  You're gonna die at that pace!
Tashigi: Everyone follow me!
Caesar: Those guys are such idiots. Who would've thought that they'd let in the Land of Death themselves? But if they die where they are, it won't be on my experiment broadcast. Hey, close the gates to Buildings C and D.
Weird Yellow suit guy: Okay, but what about Building R?
Caeser: Leave that one open.
Caesar: I'm gonna set a trap for those idiots on the first floor of Building R. They are heading for Gate 66 in the R-Building. I'll lead them there to make sure that they don't get sidetracked.
Luffy: Man, that was awful. What is this place? It doesn't work. The garbage dump? I fell underground pretty deep. I'm hungry. Well, I have been running all over the place. Isn't there anything to eat? Damn, it's all trash.
Momonosuke: That was dangerous, you insolent fellow!
Caesar: I really hate this room. The second floor of the Building R - The Secret Room. I never wanted to use this room. But I can't let the Straw Hats get away. They've gotten far too confident. I have Joker backing me. Once they're in that room, I'll kill them all.
Yellow suit 1: Master, we finished our preparations for battle a long time ago.
Yellow suit 2: Why did you call us here to the old office of that despicable Vegapunk?
Yellow suit 3: Vegapunk created that incident four years ago, so he is our enemy as well. Are you sure we should be sitting here doing nothing? Shouldn't we go and fight them?
Caesar: Nope, it's fine. You guys are my special forces, I don't wish for your blood to be spilled in vain.
Yellow suit 4: M-Master!
Caesar: Now then, It's time to explain my plan. I've closed the doors leading to Buildings C and D. so now all open corridors in the laboratory lead to the room below us, the first floor of the Building R. The Straw Hats, G-5 and the children... All the survivors will end up in this room.
Caeser: And the first floor of Building R has air vents.
Caesar: Of course, those air vents will flood it with Land of Death. There will be nowhere for them to run. That way, no one can survive. With all the gates closed, it will become one big gas chamber. The video feed from that room is already being sent to all the brokers in the New World. That way I can show my skill to the entire underworld.
Yellow suit 5: If I may, Master Caesar... Were you the one that created that horrifying poison gas?
Caesar: Yes, that's right.
Yellow suit 6: But it looks like the poisonous gas that Dr. Vegapunk released four years ago. It really creeps us all out.
Yellow suit 7: It's scary!
Yellow suit 4: Master?
Caesar: This is... a scientific battle for vengeance! Listen, my subordinates... On that day, I tried to stop him. The mad scientist Vegapunk. "If you lost control of that weapon, just what do you think would happen to all the people on this island?  Stop it, Vegapunk!" But still, the accident occurred. And he continues to lead the Navy's top scientists, as the world's greatest scientist! I can't stand it! Can we really allow the cruel man who hurt all of you... to keep being praised as the greatest scientist in the world?!
Random yellow suit: Master!
Caesar: That's why I have have to prove that I'm better than him! By creating a weapon of mass destruction even though I didn't want to! To prove that I am the world's greatest scientist, not him! When the Navy accepts that, and I'm the science division's lead scientist, then my dream to use science to bring about world peace can come true!
Random yeallow dude: Master!
Yellow suit 4: I'm sorry Master. We're ashamed to have ever doubted you.
Yellow suit 8: You really are our god of salvation!
Yellow group: Master! Master! Master! Master!
Caesar: Thank you. Thank you all!
Random scientist: Stop it, Caesar! Stop the experiment right now! If you lost control of that weapon, just what do you think would happen to all the people on this island?
Caesar: Silence, you brainless fools! Where do you think we are?! It's the Navy's research facility. They want us to create a weapon that could kill many pirates at once.
Random scientist 2: They don't want a weapon that would kill innocent civilians as well!
Caesar: You idiot. That's what we call acceptable losses. It's their own fault for being in the line of fire. If we destroy everything, the world will truly be at peace.
Random scientist 3: You are so...
Caesar: Cruel? Now, isn't that funny! How is this any different from you experimenting on the prisoners here, like they were garbage? The current Fleet Admiral Sengoku is naive, but Admiral Akainu should see the value of my weapon. Now if you understand, get out of here. You're in the way! Vegapunk is just jealous of my genius. I heard that he failed at gigantification again. This is science, not magic! Humans aren't going to grow into giants without effort! I told him to kidnap a bunch of growing kids and shove different drugs down their throats.
Random scientist 1: Caesar!
Caesar: That's it, keep going. Wh- What are you doing?!
Random Marine: Stay quiet and come with us.
Casesar: Who do you think you're talking to?!
Caesar: The weapon that you guys have been waiting for is almost complete. Vegapunk, what is the meaning of this?!
Vegapunk: You have been expelled from the science division. Your research is far too dangerous. I can no longer overlook it.
Caesar: Don't you screw with me!
Random marine: Stop it, Caesar!
Ceaser: Those fools.
Caesar: Vegapunk, The Navy, The Straw Hats, and everyone here... They're all fools who can never hope to equal my level of intelligence. Now, begin!
Random guy: The passageway between Buildings C and B has been sealed.
Random Guy: The passageway between Buildings B and D has been sealed. It is now impossible to enter Buildings C or D from the Building B.
Sanji: Run like your lives depend on it!
Luffy: You just spoke now, didn't you? What are you?
Momonosuke: I... I... I would ask that you identify yourself first!
Narrator: In the inescapable depths of Building C, Luffy's faces a desperate situation when a small dragon appears. He calls himself a warrior, and through a strange twist of fate... this meeting spurs Luffy to take action.
