Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors. The crew has landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. There they learned about the plans of Caesar Clown, the master of this island. While running from his weapon of mass destruction, the Land of Death, they initiated their plan together with Trafalgar Law of the Seven Warlords... to kidnap Caesar, save the children and escape from the island.
Luffy: You just spoke now, didn't you? What are you?
Momonosuke: I would ask that you identify yourself first!
Luffy: Momonosuke?
Momonosuke: That would be my name.
Luffy: I've heard that name before... Where did I hear it?
Momonosuke: As if I'd know. You have probably mistaken me for another person. More importantly, do you... Stop drooling! I am not food. I would rather eat you than be eaten by you. Restrain yourself!
Luffy: Huh?  Momonosuke must be stuck here somewhere, talking with his farts! Hey, where are you!
Momonosuke: W-What do you think you're doing?
Luffy: Heave, ho! I tore him in half!  Sorry!
Kin'emon: Pooh- Am I free now?
Momonosuke: Insolent fool!  Who would communicate by farting?! Cease your incomprehensible nonsense!
Luffy: Now that I think about it, that dragon was bigger, and we ate it already. So that must mean that you're... Huh?!  An eel's talking to me?!
Momonosuke: Stop drooling!  I'm not an eel!
Luffy: You're pretty hungry too, aren't you?
Momonosuke: Don't be a fool. As if a mere ten days without food would cause a warrior's stomach to growl.
Luffy: Ten days?!
Momonosuke: Who are you, and what are you doing here?
Luffy: I'm Luffy, the man who's gonna be the Pirate King.
Momonosuke: P-P-P-Pi-Pir... Stop lying. A pirate would be bigger and weigh at least three hundred kilograms. They would be a lot stronger and fiercer as well.
Luffy: I really don't care.  But Eel... How do-
Momonosuke: My name is Momonosuke! I see, so you are a fellow outsider. All that I have learned about this place is that it is home to many ill children. I don't know what kind of island this is or what has happened to me. This all began when I stowed away aboard a certain ship. I did not want to involve myself with those children, yet they treated me with such kindness.
Random girl: We're getting fed now.  Aren't you gonna eat?
Momonosuke: Silence!  I have no need for food! I am a samurai.  I do not accept charity from others. Even though they were so nice to me, I was on edge so...
Random boy: I have your food here.
Momonosuke: I told you I have no need of it!
Random boy: You should eat something. We've all left our parents behind.
Momonosuke: As if any of you could understand my feelings!
Random girl: We should get alo-
Caesar: I am Master Caesar. Now, go inside. From now on, this will be your playground.
Random boy 2: Wow, so many giant kids! Are they sick as well?
Caesar: Just leave everything to me.  I will definitely cure you all.
Doran: Welcome.
Mocha: Let's all be friends.
Don't know who: Thank you.
Random giant boy 2: Hey, what's your name?
Momonosuke: I have... no name!
Mocha: Here are some snacks. Help yourself.
Momonosuke: I have no need of them!
Mocha: How about some candy?
Momonosuke: I have no need of it!
Yellow suit guy: What?  One of the kids has escaped?!
Yellow suit guy 2: Yeah, but according to the name list, there's no one missing.
Yellow guy 3: That's weird.
Yellow suit guy: Anyway, let's split up and search for him.
Momonosuke: Where is the passage out of this place?
Random girl: Hey you. You're the one who was on the ship with us. Do you remember me? Hmm, so you're Momonosuke-kun? This is the secret room. You're not supposed to be in here.
Momonosuke: Stop interacting with me.  You are causing me trouble.
Random girl: Why?
Momonosuke: Because... There is no reason. I am searching for a way out. I am getting out of here. There is something that I need to do.
Random girl: It must be hard, but it's the same for all the kids here. They all want to go home to their parents as soon as possible. We've gathered from different islands to get our disease treated.  We all feel the same way. I have a lot of things I want to do when I go home too. Everyone gets along and has heaps of fun in the Biscuits Room. We can forget about all the painful stuff. So you have to eat properly too, Momonosuke!
Momonosuke: But I...
Random Yellow suit 2: What is it?
Random girl: Oh no!  Someone's coming!  Let's go, Momonosuke-kun!
Random Yellow suit: The door to the secret room is open.
Random girl: Hurry up!
Momonosuke: D-Don't worry about me. Just go on ahead!
Random Yellow suit: Is someone in here?
Random Yellow suit 2: What's going on?
Random Yellow suit: Who's that?
2 Random yellow suits: A-A dragon?! What's going on? I don't know.
Random girl: M-Momonosuke-kun has...
Random Yellow suit: Look at this. The artificial Devil Fruit that Vegapunk made was inside this case.
Random Yellow suit 2: Wasn't that a failed experiment?
Random yellow suit: Yeah, that's what I heard.
Momonosuke: My chest really hurts, as if my heart is about to explode. And I cannot seem to run like I normally do.  Why? In other words, I am human.
Luffy: So that's it.  It's a Devil Fruit. An eel-man?
Momonosuke: Eels don't have horns.
Luffy: Then why don't you just turn back into a human?
Momonosuke: Huh?  I can turn back into a human?  How?
Luffy: I dunno. I'm not a Zoan type. But damn, how high is the roof? I can't see the hole that I came through.
Momonosuke: I want to get out through that hole and inform the children of what I know! I overheard... ...what that man called Caesar is truly planning.
Caesar: Another bunch of well-behaved, obedient kids! And the other kids are growing quite nicely. But, this experiment tests the limits of tolerance to this drug. They won't last much longer. All of them will probably be dead within five years. Then we'll have to gather some more kids. But then again, there are failures in every experiment. It's an unavoidable sacrifice. At least they'll be useful to the world, by assisting Master Caesar Clown, the world's number one scientist. A happy life is a happy life, even if it's short!
Momonosuke: I thought he was a doctor, but in fact, he is a terrible man who intends to let the children die! And none of them know the truth.
Mocha: Here are some snacks. Help yourself.
Random girl: It must be hard, but it's the same for all the kids here. They all want to go home to their parents as soon as possible.
Momonosuke: I feel such pity for those children. Turning a blind eye to it  would bring shame to my honor. I was on my way to tell the children, but I fell down here whilst hiding in a trash can.
Luffy: Caesar! Alright, Momo! I'm getting out of here, and I'm taking you with me.
Momonosuke: But how will you get all the way up there?
Luffy: I'm gonna climb the wall.  Hold onto me. The kids are fine. My crewmates have already gone to save them.
Momonosuke: Is that true?
Luffy: They'll be able to handle the job.
Momonosuke: I see. You clearly cannot be just a mere... pi... rate.
Luffy: What's wrong? Are you really that hungry? Hey!  Get a hold of yourself. Get a hold of yourself! Hey!  Get a hold of yourself! Get a hold of yourself!
Momonosuke: Get a hold of yourself!
Luffy: W-What's wrong?! What's going on? Hey, what's wrong? Hey! Hey wait up! We're flying!
Usopp: Do you think they'll be okay without me? Then again, Zoro's with them, so they should be fine.
Kin'emon: I will definitely come and save you, so just wait a bit longer, Momonosuke!
Usopp: Hey Brook. Tell us if you find those Sea Stone handcuffs that Robin wants.
Kin'emon: Forgive me for having to rely on your sorcery, Sir Corpse!
Brook: Just leave it all to me. I shall find both your son and the Sea Stone handcuffs. Let's have a look inside this room. Momonosuke-kun, was it?  I'm sure he'll be wearing the same outfit as Samurai-san. Hey!  Where are you!
Vergo: My Color of Arms far surpasses your ability. You should have realized by now that this fight is meaningless.
Law: Smoker.
Vergo: Or are you just trying to avenge that trash?
Smoker: They aren't so weak as to die that easily. Even if they're misfits, they're still marines! Don't underestimate the Navy.
Vergo: You seem to really care about your subordinates, Smoker-kun.
Tashigi: Everyone, this way to the kids in the Biscuits Room! Hurry, Hurry!
Sanji: Don't dawdle around! The killer gas is right behind us! If you don't want to die, then run faster. Faster!
Random Soldier: Don't kick us, bro! That hurts, bro!
Tashigi: Hurry it up, everyone. Pick up the pace.
Random soldier: Don't kick us!
Random Soldier: Ow! Black Leg bro might end up killing us before the gas gets a chance to!
Sanji: Stop being a crybaby!
Random Soldier: Stop being crazy!
Sanji: Hurry it up!  If you want to save the kids, then hurry to the Biscuits Room!
Nami: It's cold!  There's a blizzard in this room! As soon as I take my coat off I run into the Yuki Yuki Fruit's powers?! Damn that snow woman!
Chopper: Stop, everyone!  You can't eat that candy! Run, Mocha!
Random giant boy: Stop running and give us the candy, Mocha!
Mocha: No, everyone come to your senses!
Random Blonde Giant boy: Stop trying to hog it all for yourself.
Random giant boy: Stop running!
Robin: I only need to slow them down a bit.
Monet: Don't interfere.
Nami: Robin! Are you alright, Robin?!
Monet: Oh? You're the Pirate Hunter Zoro with a bounty of 120 million beli.
Zoro: You guys go and stop the kids! The enemy is a Logia. I'll fight her!
