Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors. The crew has landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. There they learned about the plans of Caesar Clown,  the master of this island, while running from his weapon of mass destruction,  the Land of Death. Along with their ally,  Law of the Seven Warlords of the Sea, they put in motion their plan to kidnap Caesar,  save the children, and escape from the island. Inside the garbage dump, Luffy met a dragon with the same name as the child Kin'emon had been searching for.
Luffy: W-What's wrong?! Hey, wait up! We're flying!
Children: Stop running, Mocha!
Monet: Don't interfere.
Nami/Chopper: Robin!
Monet: Oh my. You're the Pirate Hunter Zoro  with a bounty of 120 million beli.
Zoro: The enemy is a Logia. I'll fight her.
Title: Battle to the Death in a Blizzard The Straw Hat Pirates VS The Snow Woman
Chopper/Nami: Are you okay, Robin?
Robin: I'm okay, it's just a scratch. Let's hurry and stop the children.
Nami: Yeah.
Chopper: We have to hurry, Nami,  the children are about to leave the room.
Children: Wait up, Mocha!
Chopper: I promised to stop them,  and if we don't, it will put Mocha in danger!
Children: Stop running! Give us the candy!
Mocha: I won't give it to you guys. Chopper-chan told me what kind of candy this is.
Children: Stop trying to keep it all to yourself!
Sind: Wait, Mocha, give me some candy!
Mocha: You can't eat this candy. Everyone, please return to normal!
Sind: It can't be helped, Mocha. We're sick.
Mocha: Mommy, Daddy...
Sind: We can't meet our parents. Adults will die if they catch our disease. You'd be even sadder if your parents were to die, right? They said that they'd treat and heal us in one year.
Mocha: Yeah.
Caesar: Thank you for coming. Pleased to meet you.   I'm Caesar Clown. Call me Master. You are my first generation of patients.  I'm happy to be working with you. You must have been scared and worried, suddenly being told that you are sick. But, it's all okay now, there's no need to worry. Because I'll definitely heal you all. I once lost my only son to this disease. I never want to see a child suffer from this disease again. Nor do I want to see a fellow parent grieving over the loss of their children. Ah, forgive me.  How embarrassing, that you would see me cry.
Mocha: Are you okay, Master-san?
Caesar: Thank you, you're such a kind child. That's right, I still haven't introduced you to the other sick children from other islands.
Children: Mocha!  Wait up!
Uzu: I'm Uzu, pleased to meet you. Candy...!
Doran: I'm Doran. Wait, Mocha!
Konbu: My name is Konbu. Give me some candy!
Monet: Some new friends have arrived today. Make sure you teach them all about this place, okay?
Children: Okay!
Mocha: Lets all play over there.
Children: Yeah, lets play!
Monet: Go ahead. Make sure you all get along! If anything happens, you can tell me.
Children: Okay, Monet-san!
Mocha: Even that kind Monet-san was lying. It was all a lie!
Monet: This is a reward for doing so well in your treatment. Some candy from Master.
Mocha: Let's all escape from here,  so please just return to normal, everyone!
Nami: We have to catch up to the children.
Chopper: I'm counting on you.
Zoro: Where did she go? What the hell are you playing at?!
Nami: Just wait a second!  Why are you coming over here?!
Chopper: Wait, Nami!  Stop! Stop using me as a shield!
Monet: Darn, I missed.
Zoro: Why are you targeting the weak ones?
Monet: Isn't it common sense to kill off the weakest link first?
Nami: Out of the way, Zoro! So heat works. Don't come over here anymore!
Chopper: Yeah, don't come over here!
Monet: The Cat Burglar, with a bounty of 16 million beli.
Zoro: Dammit, she dived into the snow again! Do you even want to fight, you damn snow woman?!
Nami: The exit!
Robin: Oh no!
Monet: Snow Fence Perpetual Snow
Robin: Nami!
Nami: The snow... It's so cold, I can't move!
Chopper: Nami!
Zoro: She went after them again!
Nami: Look out, Chopper!
Robin: Nami!
Chopper: That was scary.
Nami: Thanks Robin.
Monet: How troublesome. Those children are Master's precious guinea pigs, and my mission is to protect Caesar and his experiment. Who was the one who made Mocha rebel against us?
Chopper: What did you say? Those children asked us to save them!
Zoro: Get out of the way, you guys! Get going.
Robin: Let's hurry.
Nami: Yeah.
Chopper: Mocha, just hold on a bit longer!
Monet: Such uncivilized people. Day after day, we treated them kindly, and gave them a life with no problems. And here you are, trying to rob us, their guardians, of the very thing that matters the most to us. You people are just like pirates.
Zoro: It seems like we're on the same page.
Monet: I told you it's uncivilized. Stop interfering with my mission. Snow Sword Skin Sword
Luffy: Alright!  Seems we can get out like this! What's wrong? What happened?
Momonosuke: I am not... hungry at all... I am not...
Caesar: What on earth is Monet doing?! The kids have already left. Oh well.  I can just kidnap more to replace them if I need additional guinea pigs. But my first priority now, is to advertise the Land of Death and finish off the Straw Hats. Thanks to the gas leaking in from outside,  the situation has turned in our favor. Very soon, Building B will be filled with gas. They have no choice but to head into Building R. Either way, they're going to be killed by the gas.
Usopp/Brook/Kin'emon: Oh no! Oh no! Oh no! Oh no! Oh no!
Brook: Oooooh no! Oh no! Oh no! Oh no! Here it comes again!
Usopp: Why is the gas from outside in here? Didn't we close the gates?!
Brook: It must be leaking in from somewhere.
Usopp: Seriously?! If that's the case, then it's dangerous to stay in this building. We're gonna have to hurry it up. Let's split up and search for the Sea Stone handcuffs.
Brook: Again?!  Well I guess we don't have much of a choice.
Usopp: Brook, you go with Kin'emon. It's too dangerous to leave him on his own.
Brook: Understood.
Kin'emon: I'm counting on you, Sir Corpse.
Usopp: Let's meet up in Building R!
Monet: You've only been blocking my attacks. Why won't you attack me? Could it be... chivalry? To be honest, I didn't think I could win against you. But that might not be the case.
Marines: There's another room in the back! Let's find the kids and get out of here! Isn't it kinda cold in here?!
Zoro: The Navy?
Sanji: Let's go through that door back there!
Monet: Everyone's trying to steal the children. I won't let anyone take them.
Sanji: Lets go!  Charge!
Zoro: Why the hell are you leading them?!
Marine: Hey bro, the kids aren't here, but Pirate Hunter Zoro is.
Sanji: He's one arrogant bastard. Alright, guys. Pull down your lower lip and make fun of him!
Zoro: They should all slip on the snow, hit their heads and die. Hey, Nami and Robin are through that door. You're in the way, so hurry up and get going.
Sanji: Wow, you may be an idiot, but that was some good information. Alright, let's go, you g... Is what I want to say, but there's a beauty right here!
Marines: Seriously?! She's so cute!
Zoro: You guys are annoying!  Hurry up and go on ahead!
Marine: But take a closer look.  She doesn't look human. A human-faced bird? It's a Harpy! B-But... besides that, she's damn cute! In fact, it makes her even cuter. Man, she's sexy!
Zoro: Why are you weak to compliments?!
Marine: So, why is it snowing in here? Now that you mention it...
Monet: It's because of my ability.
Marine: The blizzard suddenly got stronger.
Monet: No matter who they are, I won't let anyone take the children away.
Marine: She's gone?! Dammit, where'd she go? Hey, are you okay? What's happened to my shoulder?! You bitch! S-She's a Logia!
Zoro: Damn that woman.
Monet: A swordswoman that uses Haki?!
Marines: Captain-chan!
Tashigi: I temporarily stopped the gas from entering this room. But, it might leak in from somewhere else. We don't have much time.  Everyone go after the children!
Marine: What are you going to do?
Tashigi: I'm going to stay here.
Zoro: What are you trying to pull?
Tashigo: I figured I'm needed here!
Zoro: What did you say?
