Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors. The crew has landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. There they learned about the plans of Caesar Clown,  the master of this island. While running from his weapon of mass destruction,  The Land of Death, along with their ally,  Law of the Seven Warlords of the Sea, they put in motion their plan to kidnap Caesar,  save the children and escape from the island.
Monet: Darn, I missed.
Zoro: Why are you targeting the weak ones?
Usopp: Why is the gas from outside in here? Didn't we close the gates?!
Brook: It must be leaking in from somewhere.
Usopp: Seriously?! If that's the case then it's dangerous to stay in this building. We're gonna have to hurry it up. Let's split up and search for the Sea Stone handcuffs.
Monet: You've only been blocking my attacks. Why won't you attack me? Could it be... chivalry? To be honest, I didn't think I could win against you. But that might not be the case.
Tashigi: I'm going to stay here.
Zoro: What are you trying to pull?
Tashigi: I figured I'm needed here!
Zoro: What did you say?
Marine: Alright!  Let's go, G-5! Obey Captain-chan!  Move your asses and save the kids! I thought Caesar was the only Logia here. Who would have guessed that the cute harpy was a Devil Fruit user? She's scary. We don't stand a chance against her. Black Leg bro, why didn't you help us when she attacked?
Sanji: Don't be spoiled brats.  I would never kick a woman!
Marine: What if a woman was going to kill you?
Sanji: Then I choose death.
Marine: That's just crazy! There's all kinds of people in your crew, isn't there? Yeah, Pirate Hunter bro looked like he was attacking her without mercy.
Sanji: He's actually quite the softy, but he'll get the job done. We can leave it to him. We don't have to worry about Tashigi-chan, either. Anyway... Nami-san, Robin-chan and Tashigi-chan will praise us... if we go save those damn brats!
Marines: Yeah!
Sanji: Everything is for the ladies!
Zoro: You should get out of here too.
Tashigi: I'm free to do what I want.
Zoro: I'm saying that you're in the way!
Tashigi: You're free to believe whatever you want.
Zoro: Okay, then... Is a pirate like me free to cut you down first, female marine?
Tashigi: I don't think so. You're not going to cut me down. And you're not going to cut her down, either.
Zoro: You don't know that!
Monet: I was thinking the same thing. It must be true.
Zoro: I'm in a bit of a hurry so... see ya!
Tashigi: Why won't you finish the job?! Is it because I'm a woman?! It's humiliating to have someone go easy on you  just because women aren't as strong as men! You probably can't even understand how it feels to wish that you had been born a man! I didn't pick up this sword to play around!
Zoro: I can't stand the fact that you exist! Listen!  That face of yours! It looks exactly like my friend who died a long time ago! And now you're even saying the same things she said! Quit imitating her, you copycat!
Tashigi: What a childish thing to say! You think women are weak, so you don't use your full strength, and won't finish them off! You might not lose, but you can't win either! That's why I stayed here! If this Logia user went after my subordinates,  the casualties would be enormous!
Zoro: Are you mocking me?!
Tashigi: Yes.
Monet: Oh my.
Zoro: Do whatever you want. It was my job to stop this woman from attacking my comrades, as well. So as long as this corridor is protected there's no problem.
Tashigi: How can you be so carefree? We're running out of time.  You should run as well!
Zoro: Don't let your guard down. The enemy's trying to kill you.
Monet: That's right! Thank you for telling me his weakness. You may be able to use a little Haki but my bite will still kill you easily! How annoying! But even if Haki lets you wound a Logia, it won't mean anything if I'm too fast for you to catch me. Isn't that right?! Just as I thought. You're a cold man.
Zoro: I don't want to hear that from a snow woman.
Tashigi: Don't look away!
Monet: Do you like snowball fights? Snow Rabbit You are Smoker's right hand woman. Perhaps I underestimated you. I do wonder how he's doing right now. Even he won't stand a chance against Vergo.
Tashigi: Don't worry about Smoker-san! I know him better than anybody, and you people don't stand a chance against him!
Monet: My, what a scary face. Blizzard
Zoro: Whoa!
Usopp: Why is the gas following me?! Stay away. Alright, this place is getting dangerous. I need to find a pair of Sea Stone handcuffs as soon as possible. That was close. But, what is this place? It's dark and I can't see a thing. It's also freezing! Handcuffs... Where are those handcuffs? I hope a monster doesn't show up! Handcuffs.
Children: Ahh, whoops.
Brook: Wait a moment, Kin'emon-san. Where are you going in such a rush?
Kin'emon: I heard the voices of nearby children, Sir Corpse.
Brook: That's no reason to just leave me. Poisonous gas is still coming after us, as well.
Kin'emon: Momonosuke! Aha!  Children.
Children: Who are you?
Kin'emon: Do you kids know Momonosuke? He is my son! Huh? Hold on.  Just wait a moment! What?! So many children! Momonosuke! Is Momonosuke here?! Answer me if you are!
Brook: There are so many children left. It's dangerous here, so please run to Building R.
Children: It's a skeleton!
Brook: How rude! But they're moving wonderfully fast. Hurry to Building R!
Ginko: Hey, are you searching for Momonosuke-kun?
Children: Give us the candy, Mocha! Stop running! Don't hog them all for yourself!
Mocha: Konbu, Doran, everyone, I know it's painful but you can't have this candy!
Nami: There's Mocha!
Chopper: Robin, please stop the children.
Children: What's this, more hands?
Robin: Sorry, but I have no choice.
Chopper: This should make you feel a bit better.
Mocha: Lady!
Nami: Mocha!
Chopper: You can't give them the candy, Mocha!
Nami: Run on ahead.
Mocha: I'll do my best, Chopper-chan! For their own sake, I won't let them get this candy.
Luffy: Hey, are you okay? Just leave the rest to me, Momo. Just you wait, Caesar.
Monet: I'll be sure to let your subordinates know... all about your pathetic death.
Marine: What's happened to my shoulder?!
Monet: What are you doing?! Let go of me!
Tashigi: If I let go, she'll rip my shoulder off.
Monet: I can just crush your shoulder, if you prefer!
Zoro: For all your boasting, you're sure taking a long time to finish this. You're out of time. I'm heading on ahead.
Monet: I thought that he wouldn't attack a woman... but he just attacked with the intent to hurt me!
Zoro: You really underestimated me, snow woman. You should have run away earlier... when you realized that you couldn't defeat me. There are some things that I don't want to slice up. But... have you ever met a wild beast  who promised that they wouldn't bite? Because I haven't.
Monet: W-What is this?! My body won't move!
Zoro: One Sword Style
Monet: He's going to cut me down!
Zoro: Great Dragon Shock Are you two satisfied now?
Tashigi: He killed her!
Monet: Are you... mocking me?!
Tashigi: She's still alive! Don't tell me he didn't use Haki?
Monet: Is this how he shows mercy?
Tashigi: She can't control her own body. She knows she'd have died if he had used Haki, and she's overwhelmed by fear of his strength. I've never seen someone win a fight like this. What could the Straw Hat Crew have been doing for the past two years while they were hiding? Just how strong have they become?
Monet: Ro... ro... noa... Zoro! I won't let you escape!
Tashigi: Cutting Autumn Rain You have lost this fight! What was the meaning of that? You didn't deliver the finishing blow. It's just like I said, you think-
Zoro: You butted in, so you can't talk. If you hadn't done it then I would have.
Tashigi: Stop lying! You're only saying that because I've already done it.
Zoro: Your help was not needed. Well... Good job Captain Glasses. You didn't let her go after anyone. You can have all the credit.
Tashigi: Why do you always talk like you're superior to me?
Zoro: Because you're inferior to me. What's wrong?
Tashigi: I'm fine, go on ahead.
Zoro: Hey?!
Caesar: Monet, how useless you are. Hurry up and get to Building R, Straw Hat Pirates. It will be your tomb. I can't wait until you're all suffering the effects of my gas, as my test subjects.
Narrator: Mocha desperately tries to run away with the candy. But the crazed children surround her and just when they are about to take the candy... Mocha makes a desperate move and Chopper screams out in despair.
Luffy: Next time on One Piece:
Preview Title: Protect your Friends! Mocha Runs for her Life
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
