Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the strongest sea, ruled by the Four Emperors. The crew has landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. There they learned about the plans of Caesar Clown,  the master of this island. While running from his weapon of mass destruction,  the Land of Death, along with their ally,  Law of the Seven Warlords of the Sea, they put in motion their plan to kidnap Caesar,  save the children and escape from the island.
Konbu: Gimme the candy!
Mocha: No!
Konbu: Gimme!
Mocha: No!  You can't have it!
Konbu: Shut up!  Just give us the candy!
Robin: How could she be so stupid?
Chopper: Don't do it!  Spit it all out! Mocha, can you hear me?! Mocha! I told you what that drug was, didn't I?!
Gasmask Soldier: What?! Straw Hat Luffy!  What's he doing here? Shoot him!
Luffy: Where is Caesar?
Gasmask Soldier: I dunno!  I don't-
Luffy: Where is Caesar?!
Narrator: The killer gas, Land of Death, has leaked into Laboratory Three. It is now flowing into Building B, where the Straw Hats, Navy's G-5 unit, and children are.
Tashigi: You're going the wrong way.  Turn around!
Zoro: Dammit! That damn gas is trying to cut us off!
Tashigi: You just keep going the wrong way!
Sanji: Stay still, you little brats! Give them the shots quickly, G-5!
Marine: We're almost done, Bro!
Robin: Hang in there, everyone.
Nami: C-Calm down!
Marine: Hey, hurry it up, Raccoon Dog! We don't have much time.
Chopper: Don't give up, Mocha! Don't give up!
Kin'emon: M-Momonosuke!
Brook: Kin'emon-san!  You're headed straight for the gas!
Brownbeard: This is where my men should be, but there's no one here!
Usopp: What was that creepy room? What's this? I can hear something! Or do I?
Gasmask soldier: Master, isn't that... Look, it's Brownbeard! I thought he'd been captured by Straw Hat. Guess he made it after all. That's great!
Brownbeard: The Surveillance Snail is active!  That means... Soldiers of Punk Hazard, please listen to me! You must be watching this somewhere, aren't you? You're all being deceived! Everything Caesar has told you is a lie!  You'll all be killed if you stay here!
Gasmask soldier: What's he on about? Did he go mad after being captured by Straw Hat? Brownbeard is right below us, on the first floor of Building R. According to Master's plan, the Straw Hats and the marines should be there soon. Should we call Brownbeard up to the second floor?
Brownbeard: Let me tell you who Caesar really is!
Caesar: No.  I will go down to him.
Gasmask soldier: Then we're going with you.
Brownbeard: Caesar!
Caesar: Oh, my loyal subordinate, Brownbeard! I'm so glad you managed to escape from Straw Hat! Are you alright? You're covered in bruises!
Brownbeard: Don't touch me!
Caesar: Oh my, you seem to be in a rather foul mood. What's wrong?
Brownbeard: Return my men to me! We were attacked and robbed at the center of the island, but they weren't dead! They should be back here by now!
Gasmask soldier: Hey, he's provoking Master!
Caesar: Hmm?  Your men? Oh, that's right...
Centaur: Master!  Master!
Caesar: What?  Oh, Brownbeard's men?
Centaur: Master, there are marines by the front gate, and the doors are closed! We can't get inside! Please, help us!
Caesar: I see, that's terrible!  I'll take care of it right away!  Stay where you are!
Centaur: Thank you so much, Master! Master!
Monet: Master, how do you plan to let them in?
Caesar: Just leave them. The Land of Death will reach them soon enough. I wonder, what happened to them? I haven't heard from them for a long time.
Brownbeard: If they haven't returned, then that must mean they're...
Caesar: Are you worried?  Well, I guess you would be. If they were outside, the Land of Death would have killed them long ago, after all.
Brownbeard: What?! You've gotta be kidding me!
Caesar: Hey, what are you doing, Brownbeard?!
Gasmask soldier: Brownbeard?!
Brownbeard: I can never trust you again!
Gasmask soldier: What's gotten into him?! What did he just say?!
Brownbeard: You're my friends, too. We've lived on this island for two years. You have to get off the island right now! Do you know what this man has been calling you behind your backs?! I'll tell you! This is what he called you... Ginnafibs! Ginnig... G-Ginns... G-G-ggigs!
Gasmask soldier: What are you saying, Brownbeard?! Speak up! Is that meant to be some sort of spell? What a funny guy!
Brownbeard: Ginnigigg!
Gasmask soldier: I don't get it.
Caesar: They will continue to obey me, believing that I am their god of salvation! They're merely being kept alive so I can use them as human guinea pigs!
Brownbeard: He called you guinea-pigs! What's this?!  My mouth won't move! You did something to me, didn't you, Caesar?!
Gasmask soldier: What is it now? What sort of play is this?
Caesar: Are you alright? This is a muscle relaxant. You can no longer speak, let alone move around. Oh right.  I just remembered, Brownbeard. About your former men, I remembered... that I abandoned them.
Brownbeard: You... damn freak! How... How dare you kill my men?
Caesar: Oh, and while we're on the subject... I guess I'll tell you one more thing. The weapon malfunction that left everyone near death four years ago... That was my doing.
Brownbeard: It wasn't Vegapunk?! So you almost killed them all yourself, and then just pretended to save them?!
Caesar: Hey, stop!  You have to stop! Please help me!  Brownbeard has gone mad!
Brownbeard: This island was made into hell on earth by Caesar himself! Run!  He is a devil disguised as a man!
Gasmask soldier: Hey, Brownbeard! What are you doing to our savior?!
Caesar: Oh no!  Brownbeard is dangerous! We're too late! Straw Hat must have messed with his brain somehow!
Gasmask soldier: Brownbeard!
Caesar: Shoot!  You must shoot him! You're all in danger here! Shoot! And here comes the killing blow. Gastan-
Momonosuke: W-What? Are we out of the hole?
Luffy: Yeah.
Momonosuke: So you successfully climbed out.
Caesar: Shoot! And here comes the killing blow.
Luffy: Momo, get out of the way.
Caesar: Gastan-
Gasmask soldier: Master!
Caesar: Th-That was close! It grazed me! Shit!  Who's there?!
Gasmask soldiers: It's Straw Hat... Luffy!
Brownbeard: Just like them, my life was also saved by Master's kindness. Master is the kind-hearted god of salvation.
Caesar: G-Get back to the second floor, my men! The Straw Hats and the Navy should be here any moment! Prepare to resume the experiment!
Gasmask soldier: Yes, Sir! Make sure all our brokers get the footage! Hurry up!
Caesar: All of them will probably be dead within five years. Then we'll have to gather some more kids.
Momonosuke: Luffy!  That is him! He is the one who caused the kind-hearted children to... Who caused them to...
Luffy: I know. You've tricked everyone here, huh? What is this island?!
Caesar: Ah, of course. I guess I could tell you, you poor, ignorant fool. I'll tell you the secret of this place.
Gasmask soldier: We're not broadcasting! Hurry! Checking the signal strength! Get it running!
Caesar: This place is like gas or air. A seemingly non-existent island! Do you understand? Listen up, this island shouldn't exist, and yet it does. That is why it has such close ties to the underworld. This is a base of underworld science. I can perform illegal experiments or obtain experimental subjects.  I'm free to do whatever I want! I have powerful backers that completely erase everything that happens from the records! Officially, nothing never happened! No matter how much you cry or whine, no help will ever come here! You know nothing about this island, Straw Hat! If you go off half-cocked and interfere here, you won't live to tell the tale! The same goes for your alliance with Law. He's trying to interfere with the SAD production. I'm the only one who can make it, so he's using you to kidnap me. You see, Straw Hat, the thing about SAD... At the factory owned by Donquixote Doflamingo, the most dangerous member of the Seven Warlords, it is transformed into a fruit called Smile. Do you know what Smile is? We have... successfully created Devil Fruits! Smiles are artificially created Zoan-type Devil Fruits! It's a fruit that anyone seeking strength would want to get their hands on! Doflamingo is using the Smiles to make deals with the big shots in the New World. I heard that one of the Four Emperors is already using them to form an army of hundreds of Devil Fruit users! It sends chills down your spine, doesn't it? Now do you understand what you're meddling with? Do you see how many big shots you'd piss off by interfering with Doflamingo's business?! If those big shots move against you, the world itself will tremble! And Law is trying to make that happen.  The fool! Someone at your level would be completely obliterated. You can try to capture me, but I am protected! By Doflamingo!  By the Four Emperors! Do you have the guts to pick a fight with them?! Of course you don't! So if you're gonna run, then now's your chance! Get out my sight!
Luffy: A fight?
Momonosuke: Amazing!
Luffy: I've picked plenty of fights like that!
Narrator: Completely unaffected by the power of the Gas Gas Fruit, Luffy's enraged fists drive Caesar into a corner. Meanwhile, Smoker faces Vergo's powerful Haki, and the overwhelming disadvantage leaves him on the verge of death!
