Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the mightiest of seas, ruled by the Four Emperors. They learned about the plans of Caesar Clown, the master of Punk Hazard. While running from the Land of Death,  they put in motion their plan with Trafalgar Law, to kidnap Caesar, save the children, and escape from the island.
Caesar: You can try to capture me, but I am protected! By Doflamingo!  By the Four Emperors! Do you have the guts to pick a fight with them?! Of course you don't!
Luffy: A fight?
Caesar: So if you're gonna run, then now's your chance! Get out my sight!
Luffy: I've picked plenty of fights like that!
Gasmask Soldier: M-Master!
Caesar: That hurts! My nose!  My nose is broken! Damn, what the hell do you think you're doing? You bastard!  Didn't you listen to a word I said? Don't think that you'll get away with this! I have the support... of a notorious lunatic pirate! One of the Seven Warlords, Donquixote Doflamingo! He controls the New World's black market. Weapons, artillery, drugs! All dangerous goods have to go through him first! In other words, he's the very root of evil... and connected to every big shot in the underworld. Someone like you is no match for him! A pathetic worm like you would be destroyed instantly. You... and your crewmates! B-But, if you apologize now... I'll be willing to forgive your ignorance. T-Think carefully about all the horrifying monsters you'll anger by harming me! Just think! Hey, come on, are you even listening? They're the Seven Warlords and the Four Emperors! They can send the likes of you to the bottom of the ocean in an instant! But, if you apologize now, I'll overlook all of this! Take that!
Gasmask Soldier: There it is! His Gas Burner can even melt steel!
Caesar: Did he melt?  Or maybe he was blown away? Th-Th-Th-That's right! You're a rookie who only just arrived in The New World, so you might not understand yet... but there's a monster in this laboratory right now! It's Vergo! No one can withstand his Color of Arms! Both Smoker and Law are going to die. Your entire crew is going... t-t-t-to d-die! S-S-So you should listen to...
Luffy: I already told you. I don't care!
Law: Smoker.
Smoker: Vergo! Don't underestimate the Navy!
Vergo: You simply can't defeat me with your measly power. You never learn. Have you still not realized that I am above you in both raw fighting skill and Haki? Too slow. You are fighting recklessly. Are you really so angry I betrayed the Navy?
Smoker: I'm just doing my duty. I'll defeat you with my own two hands. Pirate Vergo!
Vergo: You cannot defeat me with your level of Haki. Can't you understand that?
Narrator: The Land of Death, a deadly gas that petrifies people and leeches their life, has been leaking into the laboratory.
Tashigi: What are you doing? We would've caught up to the children already if you just ran in a straight line!
Zoro: Shut up!  Injured people shouldn't talk. And I am running in a straight line!
Tashigi: No, not that way! Now you're too far the other way! How can you go the wrong way on such a simple path?
Zoro: Shut up!
Nami: Try and run faster everyone, we have to hurry!
Sind: I feel dizzy, like I just woke up from a dream.
Robin: Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you.  It's just an aftereffect from the sedative.
Sanji: You guys, don't take your eyes off the kids!
Marines: Yes sir, bro!
Chopper: Hang in there, Mocha. Just a little more! You have to get rid of all of it!
Narrator: Most of the survivors are heading for the only exit off the island. Located on the first floor of Building R, where Luffy and Caesar are currently fighting. But Kin'emon continues to search for his son, Momonosuke.
Kin'emon: What a terrible mistake I have made, Momonosuke! What? Momonosuke transformed into a small dragon?
Ginko: Yeah. It's a secret, but it's the truth.
Kin'emon: Oh no!  I might have cut down my own son! Momonosuke! I have done something unforgivable!
Brook: Kin'emon-san, you mustn't run in that direction! That area is filling with poisonous gas! That deadly gas has already come this far!
Kin'emon: There is no path that cannot be walked, even if it's filled with fire or gas! Momonosuke!
Brook: It's impossible, Kin'emon-san!
Usopp: This seems like exactly the kind of place that would have Sea Stone handcuffs. Nope, I changed my mind. My Usopp danger alarm just went off in my head. Okay then, I'll just pretend to search this room. Yeah, that's what I'll say. I searched the room, but I didn't find any... Sea Stone handcuffs!
Gasmask Soldier: It's a sneak attack!
Usopp: Why does this always happen to me?
Vergo: Do you feel better now, Smoker-kun? No matter how righteous your justice is... you can't accomplish anything if you're weak. What?
Law: You'd be no match for me if I got my heart back, Vergo!
Vergo: Stop making me repeat myself, you brat. It's Vergo-san!
Smoker: Tashigi, you take control of the men in G-5.
Tashigi: Where are you going? Are you going to apprehend Vergo?
Smoker: The law isn't enough to punish him properly, Tashigi. He's made a mockery of everything the Navy stands for! What the hell are you saying, Tashigi! Are you so pathetic as to beg a pirate for your life?!
Tashigi: Right now, getting down on our hands and knees to beg is the proper thing to do! If we die here... then we'll have let all of our men die as well. And the children will...
Vergo: This is as far as you go, Law.
Law: Smoker...
Vergo: Are you still trying to fight, Smoker-kun? I'm sure that even you understand the difference in our strength. What are you trying to do? Against a superior Haki user, turning into smoke just increases the size of your body. It makes you an easier target! Why do you insist on using your ability? Have you lost your head? This fighting style isn't like you at all, Smoker-kun. I'm done playing around.
English: Demon Staff
Vergo: You may want to punish me for dishonoring the Navy... but you lack the skill, Smoker. Bravery alone will not protect your subordinates. It's over.
Law: Smoker, thanks for returning my heart.
Vergo: So that's what you were up to. I see, you weren't trying to hit me.
Smoker: My debt to you has been repaid. Hurry up and defeat him.
Law: You really hated that you were indebted to a pirate, huh?
Smoker: It's an embarrassment as a Marine. I'd never be able to face my subordinates.
Law: Well, I suppose it's true that you helped me. This is the end for you... Vergo-san.
Vergo: You brat, you finally remember how to speak to your superiors.
Law: If that's what you want to believe. Don't think that you guys can stay on your high horses forever. I know you can hear me, Joker! Vergo is done for, Joker. You've lost your most important subordinate, and Caesar will be taken down by Straw Hat. Which means, you will lose all your SAD. It was your own overconfidence that blinded you to this possibility. Go ahead and look down on us and laugh as usual while you think of your next move. But you won't be laughing for very long... because we're going to keep on surprising you.
Joker: You're acting really tough for a little shrimp. But are you sure you can back it up? I would suspect... that you've upset Vergo. Do you remember what happened last time? Remember?  Remember what happens when you push Vergo too far? It must have traumatized you. There's no way you could ever forget... the terror that Vergo put into you. Your cutting ability may be powerful... but his Haki will easily block it. You are no match for him, in either strength or position!
Vergo: Let's go.
Law: It's been two years since the Great War. Who set what in motion back then? All you did is protect the position you've grown comfortable in. All Whitebeard did was end an era. Navy HQ has put together a new military force... but the major players haven't made a move. It's as if they're preparing for something. Yes, that war was nothing but a prologue. You always said that an unstoppable wave is coming. One that brings a new age for the strong. I've destroyed the gears. And now, there's no turning back!
Narrator: Law's attack turns the table in a single blow. The Straw Hat Pirates move faster as they try to escape. But Caesar's anger reaches its limit... and he attacks Luffy with his strongest ability which kills both friend and foe alike.
