Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: The crew has landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. There they learned about the plans of Caesar Clown,  the master of this island. While running from his weapon of mass destruction,  the Land of Death, they put in motion their plan with Trafalgar Law from the Seven Warlords, to kidnap Caesar, save the children, and escape from the island.
Caesar: I have the support... of that notorious lunatic pirate! One of the Seven Warlords, Donquixote Doflamingo!
Luffy: I already told you. I don't care!
Law: I've destroyed the gears. And now, there's no turning back!
Title: Crush Caesar! The Ultimate Grizzly Magnum
Narrator: Five minutes are left before the deadly  Land of Death completely fills the laboratory. The survivors are racing for Door 66 in Building R, which is their only escape route, but...
Sanji: The ceiling just lifted for a second!
Nami: W-What just happened?!
Robin: Gas is leaking in through the cracks!
Nami: Not good.
Robin: Everyone, hurry to Building R!
Nami: Run!
Child: But lady, I'm scared!
Konbu: I can't take another step!
Sanji: Hey, this is no time to be freaking out, damn kids! Get back on your feet and run!
Nami: Hang in there!
Robin: Stand up!  Now!
Marine: Captain-chan! I'm so glad you're safe. So you beat the bird-lady, right? But why are they running toward us from the front? I thought they stayed behind to keep the enemy busy.
Tashigi: The G-5 troops are in front of us? See?  I told you we were going the wrong way.
Zoro: Huh?!
Tashigi: Anyway, please put me down!  This is embarrassing!
Zoro: You're such a pain.  Stay still!
Sanji: Hey you!  Who the hell gave you  permission to carry Tashigi-chan?!
Nami: Zoro, you're running the wrong way!
Robin: Hurry, everyone!
Nami: This way!
Vergo: I've destroyed the gears? There's no turning back? Don't make me laugh! Know your place, Law!
Marine: The ceiling is collapsing! Chopper!  This place is too dangerous!
Chopper: Alright.  I've done everything I can. Let's hurry to Building R!
Marine: Alright, leave it to us! Let's go, guys! Alright!
Chopper: Hang in there, Mocha!  We're getting out of here!
Vergo: Damn it... How am I gonna eat breakfast tomorrow? This is one hell of a way to take revenge. I have to hand it to you, Law... This is really quite upsetting. But you will definitely regret it later. Just remember... You know nothing about Joker's past. That will cost you your life. You may have built a little reputation in this new era, but you can easily be replaced. The world is not as kind as you think. Tell him, Smoker. This world is much too complex for youngsters.  You push forward on spirit alo-
Law: You needn't worry about me.  Worry about yourself instead. This room will completely collapse soon. So long, Pirate Vergo.
Luffy: What was that?
Momonosuke: S-Something is falling on us!
Caesar: Only one person could do something like this... Law! What the hell is Vergo doing?!
Gasmask soldier: Master!  What is going on?! Men are trapped under the rubble! Master!
Caesar: Dammit! You've completely messed up my paradise!
Luffy: I wonder if everyone's alright.
Usopp: I'll use this chaos to my advantage! Alright!  Now I just have to find the Sea Stone handcuffs. You've gotta be kidding!
Gasmask soldier: Straw Hat's man disappeared! Where is he?! Find him!
Caesar: Building R, second floor!  Can you hear me?
Gasmask soldier: It's Master! If Master is alright, then I know we'll be saved!
Caesar: Secret room, respond!
Gasmask soldier: We're here, Master.  What just happened?
Caesar: Open the air vents, right now! Let the Land of Death flow into this room!
Gasmask soldier: B-But if we do that...
Caesar: I am gas.  I will not die.
Gasmask soldier: U-Understood. I'll lower the elevator to get our comrades, and then-
Caesar: Now! I said to do it right now! So quit dawdling and do it!
Gasmask soldier: But there are still over a hundred soldiers down there!
Caesar: Who gives a damn, dumbass! No matter how many of you useless guinea pigs die, nobody will miss you. You're the scum of society! Now quit standing around!  Can't you hear me?! I can recruit all the new subordinates I like! The Land of Death is my true power!
Usopp: That was close! Looks like they finally realize what kind of person Caesar really is. That's Zoro and the others! Things look bad for them. Can they control the doors from here?
Caesar: What?  Why are you looking at me like that?
Gasmask soldier: Oh, no reason... Of course.  I get it now! Master is just acting, to trick the enemy! O-Oh, I see!  Yeah, that's it! The killer gas must be part of his plan too.  I mean, would he really harm his own men? Of course not! How could we doubt our kind Master?  We must have offended him! Master, the vents are open. The killer gas! It's in the building!
Caesar: That's it. You should have done what I said from the start. Trash shouldn't try to think. Now, become my power, Land of Death!
Kanji on Caesar's chest: Kanji: Land of Death
Caesar: This is the power of my research! This will kill you. Behold, Straw Hat Luffy!  Witness my magnificence! This is the power of my research! Two countries have already taken an interest in this public demonstration of my weapon, Land of Death! Two utterly peaceful countries! The moment humans start thinking about how to defend themselves, they start longing for methods to kill their foes! They all need me. I will fill the world with weapons... and become the king of the Land of Death! Behold!
Gasmask soldier: Please, stop... He killed our comrades! What is he doing?! Master! It's true.  He only thinks of us as guinea pigs!
Caesar: This is magnificent, if I do say so myself! The sheer efficiency of this poison is a true work of art!
Momonosuke: W-What... is that?! The humans have been...
Luffy: Momo, look after Brownbeard for me.
Momonosuke: I-I will.
Caesar: Hey, where are you going, Straw Hat Luffy?! Did you suddenly get cold feet?  How pathetic! But that passage leads to Building B, which will be flooded by the Land of Death any minute! There isn't a safe place left on this island! And that goes for you too, guinea pigs! All of you are merely trash! Die!
Gasmask soldier: That... is what Master really is? Master... We... always believed in you!
Usopp: Sorry to interrupt your moment of grief, but I would like to use that control panel. I want to protect my companions from the gas!
Gasmask soldier: You... You saw all of that, didn't you? You bastard!
Usopp: Stop it.  You all saw the same thing I saw.
Gasmask soldier: Yeah, that's right.  We've been betrayed! We're done for.  Even if we tried to fight back... there's no way out of here! But the same goes for you! Didn't you just see your captain run away from Caesar?! Serves you right! He's abandoned you to go hide somewhere!
Usopp: Did I hear you right? Did you just insult my captain to my face? If he was just the kind of man who'd betray his crew... that might honestly be easier for us. But even if we want to turn tail and run... ...he never, ever stops... believing in our strength. In the end, we always have to let him have his way! So we have to keep on living up to his expectations, no matter what the cost!
Gasmask soldier: Master, please...
Caesar: Trash shouldn't resist its master! Trash should just die!
Gasmask soldier: What can we do?! There's nothing left for us. There's no way he can be defeated!
Usopp: Yes there is! Believe in my captain! More than anything, Luffy hates people like Caesar.
Gasmask soldier: P-Please spare me, Master!
Caesar: That's right. I am your Master! The god of salvation who can do as he likes with you pathetic insects!
Usopp: Luffy will never forgive Caesar.
Luffy: Caesar!
Caesar: So you've come back, Straw Hat Luffy!
Luffy: I'm sick of looking at you!
Caesar: Your death will be the climax of this experiment! Die! Now die... before my scientific might! Bow down to my power!
Luffy: Shut up!
Caesar: Oh, right!  Straw Hat! I could make you my subordinate if you like!
Narrator: Luffy has defeated Caesar. The shock of this event spreads across the New World in the blink of an eye. But while it happens, Doflamingo's assassins arrive in the sky above Punk Hazard. The storm of a new battle is on the horizon!
