Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce battle, the Straw Hat Pirates have finally entered the New World, the mightiest of seas, ruled by the Four Emperors. The crew has landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. There they learned about the plans of Caesar Clown,  the master of this island. While running from his weapon of mass destruction, the Land of Death, they saved the children and headed for Building R. And the decisive battle between Luffy and Caesar finally began.
English: Land of Death
Caesar: This is the power of my research!
Usopp: More than anything, Luffy hates people like Caesar.
Gasmask Soldier: P-Please spare me, Master!
Usopp: Luffy will never forgive Caesar.
Luffy: Caesar! I'm sick of looking at you!
Caesar: Die! Oh, right!  Straw Hat! I could make you my subordinate if you like!
Unknown Pirate: What's going on? Is this some kind of joke? Public experiment, my ass. He... defeated Caesar!
Tamago: We should report this to Mama-bon.
Unknown Pirate: Joker will be forced to make a move now. Let Jack know about this. You sure?  He's not gonna like it. This must be the work of that alliance. Let the world know. This isn't just a problem for the underground.
Marines: We're in danger!  This place is falling apart! Faster!  Faster!  Faster!
Chopper: Hang in there, Mocha. You're gonna be okay, Mocha.
Marines: Let's show them what the medical team can do! Yeah! Hey Chopper, should we really go straight here?
Chopper: Most likely. At any rate, we need to catch up with everyone as soon as possible.
Usopp: Hey Chopper, can you hear me?
Chopper: Is that Usopp's voice?
Usopp: Keep going straight and then go down the stairs. That's the fastest route to Building R. I have to seal off Building R before the gas gets in. So you gotta hurry up.
Chopper: Got it.  Thanks! Let's pick up the pace, everyone!
Marines: Understood!
Usopp: Hurry up, Chopper! Just keep it up a little longer.  You can make it. Nami, you've almost made it to Building R.
Gasmask Soldier: Why did this have to happen?
Caesar: No matter how many of you useless guinea pigs die, nobody is going to miss you. You're the scum of society!
Gasmask Soldier: I can't believe Master's this cruel! Who are we supposed to believe in now?
Usopp: This place won't last much longer. Everyone has to move quickly.
Marines: There's the stairs. Just a bit further!
Chopper: We're almost there, Mocha.  Just hold on!
Brook: Chopper-san!
Chopper: Huh?  Brook?!
Brook: It's an emergency!  Kin'emon-san was- Kin'emon-san was hit by the deadly gas! He's dead!
Chopper: Just what happened to you guys, Brook?
Brook: We had gone to search for Kin'emon-san's son. We stopped to save the children in the Inspection Room and found a certain girl. According to that girl...
Kin'emon: What? Momonosuke transformed into a small dragon?
Ginko: Yeah.  It's a secret, but it's the truth.
Brook: It can't be...
Kin'emon: Sir Corpse, could that dragon that we recently cut down be... Momonosuke! I have done something unforgivable!
Brook: Kin'emon-san, you mustn't run in that direction! That area is filling with poisonous gas! The deadly gas has already come this far!
Kin'emon: There is no path that cannot be walked, even if it's filled with fire or gas! Momonosuke!
Brook: It is impossible, Kin'emon-san! And that is what happened.
Chopper: How could he be so reckless?
Brook: What do we do?  What do we do?  What do we do?  What do we do? What do we do?  What do we do?  What do we do?  What do we do? What do we do?  What do we do?  What do we do?  What do we do? What do we do?  What do we do?  What do we do?  What do we do?
Usopp: Chopper, Brook!  What are you guys doing? Don't stop! Get down those stairs and into Building R! The gas has almost caught up to you!
Nami: We're almost there, just a little further!
Children: Okay.
Marine: Just a bit more.  Keep it up!
Nami: Luffy!
Luffy: Oh, Nami!
Nami: I'm so happy!  You got here before us. Brownie's collapsed on the ground. Is he okay?
Luffy: Yeah, he's fine. Oh wait. Maybe he isn't.
Momonosuke: It is the children!
Luffy: See, just like I told you... The kids are fine. My crewmates have already gone to save them.
Momonosuke: Is that true?
Luffy: They'll be able to handle the job. There's no need to worry.
Sanji: Hurry it up!  We need get to Nami-san and everyone else!
Marines: Hurry, this way!
Sanji: I can see Building R!
Zoro: Isn't Chopper's group here yet?
Robin: Do you think they'll make it in time, after treating the girl?
Sanji: This isn't good.
Marine: We finally made it. You guys are alright!  It's good to see you.
Tashigi: He's not here. Smoker-san...
Smoker: Is this necessary?
Law: Yes.  This is the tram they use to transport the SAD. Everyone can use it to ride out. This laboratory won't last much longer. We have to escape as quickly as possible. Straw Hat.
Luffy: Traf, Smoke-man! There you are!
Marines: It's Trafalgar Law. Hey, it's Smokey! Smokey? It's Smokey. Smokey! It's really him.
Tashigi: Smoker-san.
Marines: Thank god you're okay. Smokey! We have so much to talk about.
Smoker: Stop fussing! I already know.
Law: Straw Hatter, where is Caesar?
Luffy: I sent him flying down that way, along with the door. I wonder how far he flew.
Law: You promised that you'd kidnap him!
Luffy: But I don't want to catch that guy anymore.
Law: Even if you don't want to, that was the plan. What are you going to do if he gets away?
Luffy: Who cares about that guy anyway?
Law: Don't go changing our plans on your whims. I shouldn't have trusted you with this. We're going after him!
Narrator: The Straw Hat Crew has foiled Master Caesar Clown, the scientist who ruled over Punk Hazard. But Building A has been flooded with the Land of Death, a deadly gas. And Building B is almost completely filled with the gas. Furthermore, Caesar's laboratory is beginning to collapse.
Ussop: Hurry up!  Brook, Chopper! You have to pick up the pace!
Narrator: The only way to escape the laboratory and the island  is the path through Gate 66 in Building R.
Nami: Just hang in there, Brownie. It won't be much longer. Chopper will fix you up in no time. Hey Luffy... Everyone's gonna be okay, right?
Luffy: Of course. They will definitely make it here.
Narrator: We turn back time a little, to the moment just before the final battle with Caesar. In the sky near Punk Hazard...
Baby 5: When this mission is finished, so is he. I'll finish him off when I get back. That bastard, Joker! He killed my precious fiancé, along with an entire town! I won't let him live! This is the eighth time that he's killed the man that I've promised to marry, along with eight towns! Why does he always have to destroy my happiness?
Buffalo: That's how the young master shows his love.
Baby 5: Why would I do that?  He needed me!
Ugly man: I've fallen in love with you at first sight. Please marry me.
Baby 5: And after just ten days, he became the eighth man to die. I'm sorry, just because you loved me...
Buffalo: You have to do something about your habit of never turning anyone down. It's weird that you're subscribed to fifty newspapers. You lend people too much money,  and you're talked into buying too many things. How much money do you owe people, now?
Baby 5: Shut up!  I owe 98 million beli. It's my life.  Let me do what I want.
Buffalo: Oh, okay.  Lend me two million!
Baby 5: He needs me! Um... When do you need it?
Buffalo: I want to go to the casino when we get back.
Baby 5: Then I'll get you the money as soon as we finish this mission. I'll complete my assigned mission, but I will definitely kill that Joker.
Buffalo: I see it. It's Punk Hazard!
Baby 5: The island is completely covered with Caesar's gas  and I can't see a thing. I wonder if I can blow up the gas.
Buffalo: Leave it to me!  Jump up above me, Baby 5.
Baby 5: Okay!
Buffalo: Behold!  My power is like a typhoon.
Baby 5: If we wait there, then Caesar, Monet and Vergo should come to us.
Buffalo: But I want to hurry home so I can play roulette at the casino. What was that sound?
Baby 5: It's coming from over there. Did the tanker explode?
Buffalo: No, something ran into it.
Baby 5: There's a person down there. Caesar Clown?!
Buffalo: What did you say? Joker, this is Buffalo calling from Punk Hazard.
Joker: What's wrong?
Buffalo: We just arrived at Punk Hazard. And a beaten up Master Caesar came flying out of the island for some reason.
Joker: What's that? Recover Caesar's body immediately and return to Dress Rosa.
Buffalo: Understood.  I will recover Caesar's body. Huh, what about Monet and Vergo?
Baby 5: There must be a reason.  Just do what he says.
Buffalo: Understood, Joker.
Joker: What a fool. Hey you brats, heaven is my ally. As long as I have Caesar, I can easily make more SAD.
Law: Hey you guys, we're in a hurry.  Get on the tram.
Buffalo: What on earth could've happened to him?
Baby 5: Did you see something move on the deck of the tanker?
Buffalo: No, there's no way anyone could survive in that gas.
Baby 5: What is that?! A robot?!
Franky: What kind of bird is that?
Narrator: Building R threatens to collapse completely, but Luffy waits for his crewmates to arrive. Meanwhile, General Franky stands in the way of Baby 5 and Buffalo... as they attack him with their powerful Devil Fruit abilities.
