Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: The Straw Hat Pirates have entered the New World, the mightiest of seas, ruled by the Four Emperors. Once there, they landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. They learned the schemes of Master Caesar Clown, who controls a lethal weapon, Land of Death. Forming an alliance with Trafalgar Law of the Seven Warlords, they set in motion their plan to kidnap Caesar, save the children and escape from the island. And the final battle has finally started.
Baby 5: What is that?!
Title: Rampage! The Invincible General Franky
Baby 5: Are you alright, Buffalo?!
Buffalo: Who is that guy -dasuyan?!
Baby 5: Don't ask me! Anyway, why did he shoot at us for no reason? Again! What is that thing?  A Pacifista? That can't be it. Caesar has no interest in human weapons. Buffalo!
Buffalo: Dasuyaniiiiin!
Baby 5: Fine.  I don't know who you are... but if you want a fight, I'll give you one! I have no idea what that thing was, but it looks like I destroyed it.
Law: All of you, get into the tram!
Marine: You can get on at the front too! Be careful! Come here, kids! Don't slow down! The building's coming down!
Child: I can't get up!
Marine: Keep trying!
Robin: There's still no sign of the others.
Sanji: Yeah, this isn't good. This place isn't safe either.  We're running out of time!
Nami: Hey, where does this tunnel go?
Law: If we follow it to the end, we'll reach the port where the tanker is docked.
Nami: But the entire island is covered in poison gas! Will we be alright?
Law: You're right.  We'll have to expose ourselves to the open air to reach the tanker. But that's still better than being crushed by the building, right?
Nami: What about the kids?
Child: We'll be alright, Lady. We want to get out of here! We just want to escape and go home!
Konbu: That's right! As long as we just hold our breath, we'll manage.
Doran: We wanna see our parents again!
Child: Please, take us with you! Please!
Nami: I guess...  it's come down to this. We'll just have to leave it to fate! Everyone, we're gonna survive no matter what! We'll live through this and get you all home!
Child: Yeah!
Buffalo: Now let's hurry and retrieve Caesar -dasuyan!
Baby 5: Yeah.  Enough with the distractions.
Franky: The General is fine!
Baby 5: I didn't even scratch the paint?!
Buffalo: Impossible!
Franky: Now, take this!
Baby 5: Way too late, and way too small!
Franky: Too late? Small?! Are you trying to say that I'm... too slow-witted to come up with a good plan?!
Baby 5: Uh, no.  That's not what I said.
Franky: Don't underestimate General Franky, the perverted morphing robot! Um...
Baby 5: You haven't even figured out an attack yet?!
Buffalo: He threw the shield!
Baby 5: Is he really that desperate?! It seems... that you can't be handled with my little toys. Very well.  You're an enemy if you  want to stop us from freeing Caesar.
Franky: Huh? You've given up on fighting me?
Baby 5: The real battle starts now!
Franky: What's that?
Baby 5: Buffalo, let's do this!
Buffalo: Dasuyan!
Franky: Now that's neat!
Baby 5: Easy!
Buffalo: Full speed rotation -dasuyan!
Franky: Not half bad, weapon-girl and hurricane-man!
Baby 5: Are you trying to match my weapons?!
Franky: I'm just protecting the Sunny!
Buffalo: The young master's orders must be carried out immediately -dasuyan!
Baby 5: Indeed.  I'll finish this now!
Buffalo: Here goes -dasuyan!
Baby 5: Counting on you!
Buffalo: Dasuyan!
Baby 5: We'll be taking Caesar!
Franky: What're you on about?  What about Caesar?
Buffalo: What a flashy way to go.
Caesar: Where am I? I can't move... Damn, is this the end? This is all their fault! The heart of Smoker, Vice Admiral of Navy Unit G-5. What a thoughtful present, Law. There's no doubt who won that battle. Smoker!  If nothing else, I'll at least... take you down with me! It's a shame that I won't get to see him die, but still. Smoker's eyes will turn white, he'll cough up blood, and his breathing will stop in an instant! And everyone around him will be struck by fear and helplessness! Just the very thought of it...
Marine: The door's closing!  Who did that?!
Sind: Hey, what's that?
Marine: Poison gas! Hurry and get aboard!
Law: Hey, what are you doing, Straw-Hatter's crew?! Get on, all of you! If we let Caesar escape, the entire plan will be ruined!
Luffy: What're you talking about!  We're not all here yet! Several of my crew haven't arrived!
Sind: Neither has Mocha!
Tashigi: And all of our subordinates aren't accounted for, either.
Usopp: Hurry up, Chopper!  Brook!
Chopper: Alright, Usopp!
Marine: We're the ones doing all the running, you know!
Usopp: You have to outrun the gas! Hurry!  Just fifty more meters! The gate's about to close!  You have to slip through!
Gasmask soldier: This building is done for!
Usopp: I can't stay here either! Oh, crap! I forgot about the Sea Stone handcuffs! Hey, you guys!  This might be a long shot, but you wouldn't happen to have any Sea Stone-
Gasmask soldier: You mean these, Bro?
Usopp: So you do have them!
Gasmask soldier: Take as many as you like!
Usopp: I don't need that many! Still, that's good.  I'm glad I asked.
Gasmask soldier: Are you going downstairs? I can't bear the thought of dying for Caesar!  I'd never be able to rest in peace! Let us go with you, please!
Usopp: Suit yourselves! Chopper, Brook!  You have to get out alive!
Chopper: The gate's closing!
Marine: Damn!  We're done for! We'll never make it!
Brook: If you give up, then it really is over!
Chopper: We will make it out alive!
Marine: Easier said than done!  The gas... It's all over!
Chopper: Luffy!
Luffy: There they are!
Chopper: Hey, guys!
Child: Mocha!
Tashigi: Thank goodness.
Usopp: Hey!
Chopper: We made it!
Luffy: Alright! Everyone's here!
Nami: Don't make us worry so much.
Usopp: I'm so glad you made it in time.
Chopper: Yeah, and it's all thanks to you, Usopp!
Marine: We're the ones who ran our asses off, you know!
Law: Quit slacking off!  Hurry up!
Luffy: Anyway, this place is gonna blow!  Everyone get on!
Usopp: You heard him!  Now get aboard the... Huh?  Where'd they...
Gasmask soldier: Run!
Usopp: Fast!
Luffy: Hurry! We're getting out of here, guys!
Brook: Whatever shall we do?! What shall we do about Kin'emon-san?!
Momonosuke: What?!  Kin'emon?!
Zoro: What can we do, with him like that?
Momonosuke: K-Kin'emon!
Monet: Joker... Can you hear me? This... is Monet.
Doflamingo: Monet, I'm glad you're alive. Vergo was defeated.  As was Caesar. But Baby 5 and Buffalo should be able to recover Caesar.
Monet: I see.  That's good.
Doflamingo: This is all a mistake on my part. I apologize for putting you in this position. But I'd like to make the most of this situation. I want you to kill all those youngsters now. Laboratory Three holds a weapon that's identical to the one that destroyed the island four years ago. If you just press the self destruct button... then only one person will be left alive. The only person who can survive the lethal gas... will be Caesar. The button is located-
Monet: Say no more, Joker. That was my plan all along. I'm right in front of the self destruct button. The explosion will even reach the tanker they're planning to escape with. One of our ships will go to waste.  Is that alright?
Doflamingo: Forgive me. Please, die for me, and take them all with you.
Monet: Aye, Sir. Young master...
Caesar: Know my fury and die, Smoker!
Doflamingo: I'm sorry, partner. I've known you longer than any of the others. You've done well, until today.
Monet: Farewell, young master. You are the man... who will become the Pirate King.
Narrator: Monet sacrifices herself for Doflamingo's sake, plunging Punk Hazard to the brink of annihilation. Luffy is enveloped in a bright flash of light. As the crew continues through the long tunnel, things come to a shocking conclusion!
