Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: The Straw Hat Pirates have entered the New World, the mightiest of seas, ruled by the Four Emperors. Once there, they landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. They learned the schemes of Caesar Clown, who controls a lethal weapon, the Land of Death. After forming an alliance with  Trafalgar Law of the Seven warlords, the group headed into the final battle, and defeated Caesar at long last.
Caesar: Smoker!  If nothing else, I'll at least... take you down with me!
Doflamingo: I'm glad you're alive, Monet. Vergo was defeated. This is all a mistake on my part. I apologize for putting you in this position. But I'd like to make the most of this situation. I want you to kill all those youngsters now. Laboratory Three holds a weapon that's identical to the one that destroyed the island four years ago. If you just press the self destruct button... then only one person will be left alive. The only person who can survive the lethal gas... will be Caesar. The button is located-
Monet: Say no more, Joker. That was my plan all along.
Doflamingo: Forgive me. Please, die for me, and take them all with you.
Monet: Aye, Sir.
title: Hopeless Crisis! A Massive Explosion on Punk Hazard
Luffy: This is so fast!
Brook: Geez, let go of me already.
Momonosuke: I won't let go.
Brook: Hey, you're heavy!  Get off already!
Nami: Why is a dragon riding with us?
Luffy: Oh, I met him in the garbage dump.
Nami: And you just brought him with you?
Momonosuke: There's no doubt about it... Fath-
Brook: What is with you?
Momonosuke: Father!
Brook: The eel is attacking me!
Luffy: Hey, Momo!
Nami: Who is this dragon? Did he just say "Father"?
Law: We'll figure it out later. I can't even see the light. The exit must still be pretty far away. Just how far did he send Caesar flying?
Caesar: This is the end for you, Smoker!
Monet: The Straw Hat Crew... Trafalgar Law... G-5... Those pitiable children... Everyone will disappear along with me. Farewell, young master. You are the man... who will become the Pirate King.
Doflamingo: Why isn't the connection to her Snail Phone getting cut?
Chopper: Are you okay?
Child: Yes.
Nami: There must have been an explosion somewhere, right?
Law: It was most likely Building D. More specifically, it came from the SAD manufacturing room that I was in.
Doflamingo: Monet?
Caesar: Goodbye, Smoker.
Doflamingo: What's wrong, Monet?
Monet: Young... Master.
Smoker: Hey, Law. Once we get out of here, we'll be going our separate ways. Before that, there's something I want to ask you.
Law: What is it? I'll give this back to you.
Smoker: My heart was supposed to be in Caesar's hands. Why did you have it?
Law: He'd gotten the wrong idea, that's all.
Caesar: I want your heart! That's the deal.
Law: In order to obtain Caesar's trust,  I gave him my heart. In exchange, he gave me his attendant, Monet's heart.
Caesar: And this seals our deal.
Law: After that, I took your heart, when you came to the laboratory. In my hands, I held two hearts.
Caesar: The heart of Smoker.  Vice Admiral of Navy Unit G-5. What a thoughtful present, Law.
Law: I just kindly returned the heart of his attendant Monet to him.
Doflamingo: Answer me, Monet.
Law: As they all say, when you do something good, something good will happen to you.
Baby 5: How did you like the flaming passion of Missile Girl?
Buffalo: Hey, Baby 5! Why do you need this weapon when you're a weapon woman?
Baby 5: Thanks for picking it up for me, Buffalo. That weapon is blessed.
Ugly guy: Whoever owns this weapon will become happy. And if you buy it, I'll be happy too.
Baby 5: I'm needed!
Buffalo: No, you were being used! Look out behind you -dasuyan!
Franky: I don't know who sent you, but... I am the invincible Iron Pirate,  and I don't protect the peace of the seas! Iron Pirate!
Baby 5: Damn, he's persistent!
Franky: As if that'd work! That itched a bit.
Baby 5: Just how hard is that thing?
Buffalo: Here you go, Baby 5!
Baby 5: Thanks, Buffalo. This fight isn't over yet!
Usopp: This is not good! The place is starting to collapse even faster!
Luffy: Watch out!
Nami: The corridor is collapsing!
Law: This tunnel is built in a mountainside. If it collapses, we'll be buried alive.
Usopp: Why are you talking about it so calmly!
Marine: This is bad! The rubble's blocking the path! Where are the brakes?
Zoro: Just keep going forward.
Child: How cool!
Marine: Awesome!  We're safe now! I sure wouldn't want him as an enemy! Even though he is our enemy.
Zoro: It's too soon to let your guards down.
Chopper: The poison gas has...
Marine: You gotta be kidding.
Smoker: So here it comes again.
Marine: It must've come in from the cracks in the walls!
Robin: It looks like being buried alive isn't our only worry.
Usopp: Why are you saying it like it's got nothing to do with you?!
Law: There should be gas surrounding the exit as well. Can anyone here control the wind?
Gasmask Soldier: As if you'd find someone with that special ability so easily!
Nami: I can control it.
Gasmask Soldier: There is someone!
Usopp: I can see the exit!
Luffy: Alright, just a bit further. Let's go!
Random girl: Young master! Young master. Young master? Young master?! He's not here. Young Master! The young master isn't here.
Old man: He's probably in his room on the 4th floor.
Random girl: No, he wasn't in there. But the window was open.
Old man: Is that so? Then I have no idea. He left without taking any  subordinates with him again.
Doflamingo: It's me. What's going on over there?
Buffalo: A-An iron security guard is in our way!
Doflamingo: And the place is still intact, right?
Buffalo: Yeah!
Doflamingo: So, the island and everyone on it hasn't disappeared? Make sure you kill him. I'm on my way now!
Narrator: As the shadow of Doflamingo looms closer, the battle for Caesar begins to heat up. When Baby 5's sword pierces General Franky's invincible armour, the General unleashes his ultimate hidden weapon and strikes back.
Luffy: Next time, on One Piece: Capture Caesar! The General Cannon Attacks I'll gonna be the Pirate King!
