Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: The Straw Hat Pirates have entered the New World, the mightiest of seas, ruled by the Four Emperors. Once there, they landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. They learned the schemes of Caesar Clown, who controls a lethal weapon, the Land of Death. After forming an alliance with Trafalgar Law of the Seven Warlords, the group headed into the final battle, and defeated Caesar at long last. But...
Monet: Farewell, young master. You are the man... who will become the... Pirate King.
Caesar: Goodbye, Smoker.
Doflamingo: What's wrong Monet?
Monet: Young... Master.
Franky: As if that'd work! That itched a bit.
Luffy: Alright, just a bit further. Let's go!
Doflamingo: And the place is still intact, right? So the island and everyone on it hasn't disappeared? Make sure you kill him. I'm on my way now!
title: Capture Caesar The General Cannon Attacks
Baby 5: Now, if I hit with this many attacks...
Franky: I am the invincible Iron Pirate! Super!
Baby 5: Those attacks were powerful enough to damage a Pacifista!
Buffalo: Just what is he -dasuyan? Why is he getting in our way?
Franky: It's because you tried to steal my cola.
Buffalo: Cola? What's he talking about?
Franky: Cola is my source of energy.
Baby 5: As if I'd know something like that!
Franky: What's wrong, weapon woman? Aren't you going to transform anymore? It was a sight to see.
Baby 5: Then why don't I show you.
Buffalo: Let's go -dasuyan!
Franky: Not happening! What are you transforming into this time?
Buffalo: Now I'll finish you off -dasuyan!
Franky: It's hot!  Hot!  Hot!  Hot!
Buffalo: Burn to a crisp -dasuyan.
Baby 5: The flaming passion of Fire Girl  is the strongest flame that will burn-
Franky: Just kidding. General-I'm fine!
Buffalo: I-Impossible!
Franky: Bring it on, Hurricane-man and Weapon-girl.
Child: The tunnel is collapsing!
Marine: I hope we can hold out until we make it to the exit! Even if we made it outside the poison gas will... Hey woman, can you really control the wind? Is this really okay?
Sanji: You bastards! Anyone who doesn't believe in Nami-san can get off right now! No, I'll just kick you off!
Marine: He's scary.
Luffy: I'm counting on you, Nami.
Usopp: We're all relying on you now.
Nami: Leave it to me.
Buffalo: What is that iron soldier? None of our attacks do any damage.
Franky: I'm afraid that I can't give away my cola.
Baby 5: I already said that we have no interest in your cola!
Buffalo: He's wasting our time! We have to get rid of him quickly! Let's go, Baby 5. No one has ever been able to block this attack.
Franky: No matter what you try, it's super useless!
Buffalo: We're gonna bore a hole in that body of yours! This weapon that spins around is...
Franky: Huh? Okay, credit where credit's due. It's impressive that you have the force to pierce through my General Body! But you're basically like a mantis trying to fight a warship. Even though it's wasted on you guys, I'll show you the ultimate secret weapon  of the pirate ship that will one day control these seas. The land-based, mobile version of the Gaon Cannon! Its name is...
Buffalo: What is this -dasuyan!
Baby 5: Why is this guy stopping us from getting Caesar back?!
Children: Grab on, quickly!
Franky: Isn't that Caesar lying down there? What's he doing here?
Buffalo: I don't know who you're working for, but we can't afford to lose!
Franky: Now this is a surprise. These guys aren't your average pirates.
Buffalo: Don't lump us in with that garbage! In the name of Joker...
Baby 5: we'll be taking Caesar, by any means necessary.
Franky: Now I see!  Your goal... is Caesar, huh?!
Children: Hurry this tram up!
Luffy: We're almost at the exit!
Usopp: Alright, it seems like we'll-
Marine: Look!  The exit is being filled with the poison gas!
Usopp: No way!
Zoro: There's gas both in front of us and behind us now.
Sanji: Now we've got no choice but to go through there.
Children: Save us!  Please save us, Lady! Please!
Sind: Take us out of here!
Mocha: Lady!  Please, help us!
Nami: But when children are crying for me to save them... how can I turn my back on them?! I will definitely fulfill that promise.
Usopp: We're going through it now!
Luffy: We're gonna fly through it!
Usopp: Keep on blowing that wind, Nami! The outside is flooded with poison gas too!
Baby 5: I will complete any mission given to me by Joker, without fail. That said, I'm still killing Joker when we get back!
Buffalo: We won't let you get in our way again, iron soldier!
Luffy: We made it out! We made it out!
Children: Yes!
Usopp: Where's the poison gas?
Franky: You guys finally made it. I was tired of waiting.
Luffy: Look at that!
Usopp: It's the General!
Franky: Super!
Children: It's a robot! It's the ultimate!
Marine: How amazingly cool! It's a man's dream!
Luffy: Isn't it!
Law: Buffalo?  And you're Baby 5!
Baby 5: Law?! Are you really going against Joker?
Buffalo: You traitor! Joker was saving the Seat of Hearts for you!
Luffy: Who're they? Are they your friends?
Law: No, they're the enemy.
Buffalo: The entire Straw Hat Crew and the Navy's G-5 unit! We can't defeat them all.
Caesar: What is going on, Baby 5?
Baby 5: In any case, we need to take Caesar to the young master.
Usopp: They just took Caesar and ran away. Alright, leave it to me! Flying enemies are the sniper's job.
Law: Damn those guys!
Luffy: Hey. Usopp said to leave it to him.
Zoro: Don't underestimate our sniper just because his nose is long.
Usopp: There was no need to mention my long nose!
Law: Don't be an idiot. If they somehow got away, the plan would...
Nami: You made an alliance with us, right? Weren't you watching just now? I wish you'd put a bit more faith in us.
Zoro: What alliance?
Nami: All I've been doing is running. I want to start attacking. I'm not afraid of an enemy that's far away and has lost the will to fight.
Usopp: Furthermore, if the enemy's injured and has their back turned, I can handle him!
Zoro: Just hurry up and get it done.
Usopp: Okay, I'm gonna give you some water. Let's do this. Grow Up! Black Kabuto Chomping Grass! Now, eat and store some ammo.
Baby 5: Be careful, Buffalo. They're going to attack.
Buffalo: Watch my back, Baby 5. I'm the one who can fly. We'll definitely complete our mission.
Baby 5: Understood. You need me, right? I'll stop the attack, even if it costs me my life!
Nami: Go!
Buffalo: Something's flying at us.
Nami: Now hatch from your egg, lightning-chan.
Baby 5: Thunder clouds? I've got a bad feeling about this, Buffalo!
Buffalo: I'm already flying at full speed!
Nami: You're not getting away. It's weather science!
Baby 5: No way!
Buffalo: Baby 5! Dammit, she's unconscious.
Usopp: Here's the finisher. Come on, chomping grass. Go!
Caesar: Hey, Buffalo!  Protect me! I can't move!
Buffalo: Of course.  Who do you think I am? I am part of the Donquixote Family! I will fulfill my...
Caesar: What a useless idiot. Do you really think that'll work, you fool? I'm made of gas! I have to get to Dress Rosa, even if it means going there alone!
Usopp: It's futile. The last bullet is...
Caesar: What is this?
Usopp: ...a pair of Sea Stone handcuffs! Yes!  I caught him!
Gasmask Soldier: Take that, Caesar! You can leave any enemy who's facing away to-
Zoro: We get it already.
Law: Alright, we've carried out phase one of the plan.
Luffy: How about it? They're pretty good aren't they?
Doflamingo: Just wait, you brats.
Aokiji: I think I overslept. Now, which way to Punk Hazard?
Narrator: After finally making it through the fierce battle and capturing Caesar, the Straw Hats and the other survivors start preparing to leave Punk Hazard. A shocking miracle then happens to Kin'emon, who had fallen victim to the Land of Death!
Luffy: Next time on One Piece: A Touching Reunion! Momonosuke and Kin'emon I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
