Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: The Straw Hat Pirates have entered the New World, the mightiest of seas, ruled by the Four Emperors. Once there, they landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. They learned the schemes of Caesar Clown, who controls a lethal weapon, the Land of Death. After forming an alliance with Trafalgar Law of the Seven Warlords, the crew headed into the final battle, and defeated Caesar at long last. They also defeated Doflamingo's subordinates, Baby 5 and Buffalo.
Marine: Listen up, you damn pirates! You pirates can have the tanker! And this is the line between good and evil! Don't you dare cross this line! You get that, Straw Hat Pirates?! That's right!
Smoker: Who told you to do something so ridiculous? All I said was to not get too friendly with the pirates.
Marine: If we're gonna do it, then we should do it properly, Vice-Admiral Smo. But the line doesn't count for medical teams.
Smoker: I already made contact with the G-5 base. We wait here until a ship comes to pick us up.
Marines: Yes, sir!
Luffy: Really?!  You're giving yourself up, Brownbeard? We just became friends!
Brownbeard: Apparently, the experiments that were performed on us were a little poisonous. We'll be treated if we turn ourselves in.
Luffy: I get it now.
Marine: Hey hey, Straw Hat! I just told you not to cross the line! Were you even listening to me?!
Luffy: Like I care! That's something you guys just made up!
Brownbeard: Besides, prison will be an improvement after having Caesar use me as a guinea pig. And I don't have a crew anymore. It felt really good to see you send Caesar flying. Thanks a lot.
Brook: By the way, what are we building?
Sanji: A stove.
Brook: Isn't it a bit big?
Sanji: Well, there are a lot of people here. A big hot pot requires a big stove.
Brook: I see. Oh, Kin'emon-san!  What a tragic state you're in! It hurts my eyes just to look at you... though I do not have eyes.
Franky: Heave, ho!
Usopp: Alright, keep pulling.
Marines: Heave, ho!  Heave, ho!
Franky: You should have told me earlier that we were gonna take this tanker. I would've fought somewhere else if I knew I'd have to fix it. There we go!
Nami: What?  The Navy wants to take the children?
Tashigi: Yes.
Nami: All of this happened because the Navy didn't do its job properly! Isn't that right?! Do you have any idea what those children went through? Everything that happened to them was because of the Navy's irresponsibility. I made a promise to those children. Let's help these children! When children are crying for me to save them... How can I turn my back on them?! I will protect those children. That's why...
Tashigi: There is no excuse.  All I can do is apologize. I will take personal responsibility for them. I will ask Vegapunk to help them with their addiction to the candy. I will take care of them until they have fully recovered. And I will make sure that all of them make it back to their parents. So please, I am begging you... Allow me to take care of the children!
Chopper: Law told me to keep out of this room. But can I really trust him with this? What is he doing in there? What's wrong?!
Franky: What's the ruckus? What's going on?
Chopper: Luffy! P-Please stop him!
Luffy: Stop who?
Chopper: H-H-He's a murderer!
Brook: What?  Murderer?! I am a murderer too!
Luffy: Who's a murderer?
Chopper: It's Law!
Luffy: Traf? What's going on over there?
Brook: I killed someone too! No, Kin'emon-san was already dead... but I broke him!
Sanji: Not only is he dead, now he's broken!
Luffy: He's dead smashed!
Brook: W-W-What do we do now?!
Sanji: There's nothing we can do now that he's broken!
Luffy: Will he be alright if we glue him back together?!
Sanji: As if that would work, you idiot!
Kin'emon: Momonosuke!
Sanji: Why are you still alive?!
Brook: Why did you do that, Sanji-san?!
Sanji: He freaked me out! You were the one shouting about him being dead when he's perfectly fine!
Brook: But that's no reason to kick him!
Sanji: It was instinct.  Is that so wrong?
Brook: Yes, it defintely is.
Marine: Hey, take a look at that. Someone who was supposed to be killed by the gas is still alive.
Brook: Isn't it great, Kin'emon-san?  I had thought...
Momonosuke: Father!
Kin'emon: Mo-Momonosuke?
Momonosuke: Father... Father!
Kin'emon: Momonosuke! I'm so glad that you are alive!
Momonosuke: F-Father!
Luffy: Momonosuke? Now that I think about it, he did say that he was originally human.
Brook: So he is the child that Kin'emon has been searching for.
Kin'emon: Yes. My son, you are stark naked. I would expect no less from a child of the Wano Kingdom. You look good in a kimono.
Momonosuke: But father, how did you find...
Kin'emon: Momonosuke, are you okay?!
Momonosuke: I am... not hungry!
Kin'emon: Momonosuke!
Chopper: Law! Get out here, Law! You... Just what were you doing to the children?! If anything has happened to them then I...
Law: That's why I told you not to look.  I was just... slicing up their bodies. They've been fed narcotics.  Their recovery will be long and hard, there's no way around that.
Child: Oh, Raccoon Dog-chan!
Sind: Raccoon Dog-kun!
Chopper: A-Are you all okay?
Konbu: That guy with the fluffy head...
Biyo: just took all the bad stuff out of our bodies.
Chopper: Huh?
Doran: It was scary, but I feel much better now!
Sind: It was fun having our bodies in pieces.
Konbu: Now I'm hungry.
Chopper: I see.
Child: But Mocha hasn't woken up yet. Mocha was fighting to help us, right? I didn't know that Master was such a bad guy. It's a bit fuzzy, but I remember Mocha coughing up blood and collapsing! Hey, Raccoon Dog-kun.
Chopper: Uh, I'm a reindeer.
Child: Mocha's gonna be okay, isn't she? We're gonna go home together, right Raccoon Dog-kun?
Chopper: Of course. You're getting out of this nightmare.
Child: Where's the orange-haired lady? She's the one that's going to take us home, right? We want to thank her!
Tashigi: Hello everyone. From now on, the Navy will take care of you.
Children: No way!
Sind: What about the robot?
Konbu: What about the rubber-man?
Doran: What about the guy with the curly eyebrows?
Usopp: That smells great! I wonder what Sanji's making. I can't wait.
Franky: Alright, we finally got it up. Now we have to do some super-quick repairs.
Usopp: Nami? Have you worked things out with the Navy?
Nami: Yeah. I'm going to leave everything to the Navy. I may have told them that I'd save them... but we're pirates and that would probably make things difficult.
Usopp: Yeah, we'd probably wind up being blamed for their abductions. It's best to leave them with people on the justice side of the line.
Nami: You're right. And, I just have a weakness for the eyes of a female marine.
Usopp: Female marines?
Nami: Yeah. They're reassuring to me.
Usopp: Oh yeah, your mom was a marine, wasn't she?
Nami: It's always best to be saved by a strong, kind-hearted female marine.
Usopp: I think so too.
Nami: I don't want to hear that from you.
Usopp: Well, you're the one that said it!
Sanji: Newkama Kenpo Secret Technique, 99th Vital Recipe! Let's revive your cold and tired bodies! Hormone Soup with Sea Pig! If you haven't eaten for several days... then take your time and savor the meal, starting with the soup.
Luffy: It looks so good! You're really hungry, right? Momo, Sanji's food is the best.
Momonosuke: I have no need for it! I am not hungry in the slightest!
Sanji: Hey, wait you brat! What are you gonna do with that dish?! I won't forgive anyone that wastes food, even if they're a kid!
Momonosuke: I do not need what I do not need.
Sanji: It sounds like your stomach thinks you need it.
Momonosuke: You're hearing things. I am not hungry! I will never eat this food!
Sanji: Stop it!
Kin'emon: I shall eat.
Sanji: H-Hey.
Kin'emon: Delicious! I feel stronger! Let's try this. And this. What delicious food! Delicious.
Momonosuke: Father!
Kin'emon: Let us accept their food. The truth is that they saved my life. You may trust these people.
Momonosuke: I can trust...
Kin'emon: You have had nothing to eat until now, correct? You have done well to endure. It must have been hard. It's alright now. Let us believe that the others have endured as well. Now, we shall continue to live, Momonosuke!
Momonosuke: Yeah.
Luffy: What happened? Is it so delicious that it makes you cry?
Sanji: No you idiot, they've clearly been through a lot. Just what happened to these guys?
Brook: Hmm?
Sanji: What happened to the line between good and evil, you jerks?!
Marines: It's a truce, bro.
Zoro: Okay then, why don't you guys go get some booze from the tanker?
Marine: With pleasure.
Child: Some juice as well!
Law: Hey, Straw Hatter. We need to leave this place quickly. If we stay and eat, new enemies will arrive.
Luffy: Really?
Law: Tell everyone else.
Luffy: Okay. Guys! New enemies are on their way. So hurry up... and party!
Zoro/Luffy/Usopp: Cheers!
Momonosuke: No, I have to stop this.
Kin'emon: Momonosuke, what are you doing?
Momonosuke: Father... A warrior shouldn't let anyone see their tears. What's that supposed to be, Luffy?
Luffy: It's a party!  Why are you crying? Laugh!  Laugh!
Marine: Cheers, bro.
Zoro: Yeah!
Usopp: Wait for it... One, two, three!
Child: Here you go.
Tashigi: Thank you. This is delicious.
Sanji: Anyone who wants to eat, line up. There's plenty to go around.
Child: It's so warm. Yeah.
Mocha: I understand!  I'll never let them eat the candy again! We're all going home together!
Chopper: Mocha! Mocha! Law. Sorry for doubting you earlier.
Mocha: I heard that you're the reason that we got better. Thank you.
Marine: Vice-Admiral Smokey! We're gonna go back inside.
Smoker: What's wrong?
Marine: We made Caesar spill the weakness of the poison gas. Our comrades are still alive and we can still save them!
Caesar: Why are you still alive, Smoker?
Marines: Let's go, you guys!
Smoker: Law... There's no way that you believed that I'd keep a promise to a pirate like you. If you really wanted to silence me, then you had plenty of chances to kill me. What are you planning on using Straw Hat to do?
Law: Use? Who's the one that's being used?
Luffy: Which of the Four Emperors are you talking about?
Law: The target is... Kaidou the Beast.
Nami: Huh?!
Luffy: As long as the first one isn't Shanks, I'm fine with it. Because I plan on defeating all of them!
Narrator: The time to depart has finally come. Luffy says goodbye to the children he saved and to G-5 who fought beside him. But in the meantime, Doflamingo's demonic hands draw ever closer.
