Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: The Straw Hat Pirates have entered the New World, the mightiest of seas, ruled by the Four Emperors. Once there, they landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. They learned the schemes of Caesar Clown, who controls a lethal weapon, the Land of Death. After forming an alliance with Trafalgar Law of the Seven Warlords, the crew headed to the final battle... and defeated Caesar at long last.
Kin'emon: You have had nothing to eat until now, correct? You have done well to endure. It must have been hard. It's alright now. Let us believe that the others have endured as well. Now, we shall continue to live, Momonosuke!
Momonosuke: Yeah.
Luffy: Guys! New enemies are on their way. So hurry up... and party!
Narrator: And thus the crew spent some time intoxicated at their victory celebration.
Franky: Super!
Smoker: Law... There's no way that you believed  I'd keep a promise to a pirate like you. If you really wanted to silence me, then you had plenty of chances to kill me. What are you planning on using Straw Hat to do?
Law: Use? Who's the one that's being used?
Luffy: Which of the Four Emperors are you talking about?
Law: The target is... Kaidou the Beast.
Luffy: As long as the first one isn't Shanks, I'm fine with it. Because I plan on defeating all of them!
Law: You want to defeat all of them?! While that may coincide with our goals, you're underestimating them too much. They are the emperors of this sea, and battled Whitebeard himself for their turf. Among them, Kaidou the Beast is known as the most powerful creature in the world.
Nami: What?!  He's not even human?
Law: The purpose of our alliance is to take down Kaidou. The probability of our plan succeeding is... Well, it's best to assume it's extremely low.
Nami: What, really?! We shouldn't accept his offer, Luffy.
Luffy: I see. Alright, let's do it.
Nami: Hold on, now!
Law: There was no real reason why I let you live, White Hunter. By the way, I plan on heading to Green Bit. I wonder if the Straw Hat Crew is too much for me to handle?
Marine: That's it! Finally!
TL: Kuishinbou: Gluttony
Child: You're amazing, Mister Luffy! He stretches! Cool!
Konbu: Mocha, are you okay?
Doyo: You're not cold?
Mocha: I'm okay.
Usopp: You guys aren't as bad as you look.
Marine: Shut it!  We're G-5.  Even crying kids shut up when they see us!
Baby 5: Law.
Franky: That ought to do it.
Smoker: I thought you guys were gonna use the tanker?
Luffy: Nah, that isn't what we were doing. Nami and Chopper said that they refuse to set sail until they've made sure the kids are off safely. And I can't be bothered to wait for another Navy ship to come here, so use that to take the kids.
Marine: Get on the ship, kids! We're taking you home!
Tashigi: Now, there's no need to rush.  One at a time.
Brook: Take care.
Marine: Hey, hey, Straw Hats! If the tanker is ours then... this is the new line. Don't even think of crossing it. This is the line between good and evil. Understand?  Don't come any closer!
Luffy: Again? Weren't we just partying together? Don't be an idiot! In regards to that, we are really grateful for the food. But, you guys are pirates! A shame on all humanity!
Sanji: It looks like they're about to set off.
Marines: One, two...
Luffy: What's this?
Child: Big sis Nami? Chopper-chan? Where's the robot? Huh?  Where'd all the pirate guys go?
Sanji: Get out of the way, you guys.  You're being annoying.
Marine: It's a barrier! Don't look at the pirates!
Franky: You guys are pretty much pirates yourselves, G-5.
Nami: But, it looks like they're all safely on board.
Sind: Hey!
Doran: Big Bro!
Mocha: Lady!
Marine: Shut up!  Shut up!  Shut up! We are justice! We kill all pirates who endanger civilians! Pirates are the scum of the world! We are justice! Don't let the kids lay eyes on them!
Child: Lady! Robo!
Marine: No!  No!  You're not allowed to look!
Child: Big Bro! Where are you!
Marine: Don't let them see!
Child: Again?! Get that out of the way! We can't see!
Marine: Don't look at them, you brats!
Chopper: From their yelling it sounds like they're doing well.
Nami: They said that Vegapunk is gonna help them with the candy problem.
Choppr: Really?! That's reassuring.
Robin: Franky? Something has been worrying me. What happened to the Mini Merry that we took to this island?
Franky: Robin!  You're the fifth person to ask that question.
Marine: Don't look at those trashy pirates! Your eyes will rot! We won't let that happen! We are justice!
Sanji: Run, you guys! It's the killer gas from earlier!
Marines: What?!
Sanji: If you don't want to die then start running!
Marine: We are justice!
Doran: Swirly guy!
Sind: You're in the way, Navy!
Mocha: Please move!
Marine: Any of you who want to say goodbye to a pirate is a bad kid! Anyone who says thanks will be thrown off the boat and left on the island! Listen up! Pirates are evil and the Navy is good! You kids should know how much trouble pirates cause in this world! We will never forgive any pirate! Never! Unforgivable!  Unforgivable! Pirates are unforgivable! We stand against all pirates! No pirates allowed! We stand against all pirates! Pirates are unforgivable! We stand against all pirates! No pirates allowed! We stand against all pirates!
Mocha: But they said they would save us... and they did! Even though they knew nothing about us... We're so big and would only get in their way, but they took us with them anyway! I want to go home.
Sind: We'll go back soon. Just a bit longer. Even though this is an deserted island that no one ever comes to...
Doyo: They came for us!
Chopper: I'm sorry! I'm so sorry... that we didn't find you sooner!
Marine: Pirates are dirty and rotten! Unlike the Navy, which is always clean and beautiful! Pirates are cheap and rude! Say no to pirates! Say yes to the Navy! Say no to pirates!
Doyo: If you won't even let us say thank you when we leave... then the Navy can just...
Tashigi: Wait!  I'm sorry!
Marine: Say no to pirates! Say yes to the Navy! And even more than that! The Navy is righteous and brave and-
Tashigi: Stop this at once! How disgraceful!
Marine: But Tashigi-chan, if we don't keep insulting them... We'll end up... actually liking these outlaws! E-Even though they're pirates!
Luffy: What weird marines!
Doran: Hey everyone!
Sind: Thanks for saving us! When we grow up we're definitely...
Children: gonna become pirates!
Marines: No you won't!
Nami: Stay safe!
Chopper: Make sure you get a lot of rest!
Usopp: When you get home, tell your parents to spoil you!
Sanji: Have them give you some proper food, you brats!
Franky: Super!
Luffy: Well then, let's get going.
Brook: This is remarkably good weather for the New World.
Sanji: Well, I'm sure it'll be stormy out at sea.
Zoro: Hey, is that guy coming with us?
Usopp: Oh yeah, we haven't told you about the alliance. Luffy is making trouble again.
Marine: Straw Hat, prepare yourself! Next time we meet, we'll be enemies! Just you wait!
Luffy: See you later!
Marine: We'll definitely catch you!
Franky: Ready to leave, Luffy!
Luffy: Alright. Where are you?!
Guy: Somebody please save me, I don't care who. I'm on... Punk Hazard!
Mocha: Who are you?
Chopper: What?! NHC-10.  That's what I found in the kids' bodies. There were only faint traces, but it's... a narcotic!
Smoker: The kids that have been abducted  over the last two years are in this facility. Steal a boat and get off of Punk Hazard!
Luffy: Just you wait, Caesar! I'm going to send you flying and kidnap you!
Chopper: Mocha!
Caesar: You can try to capture me, but I am protected! By Doflamingo!  By the Four Emperors! Do you have the guts to pick a fight with them?!
Luffy: A fight? I've picked plenty of fights like that! Caesar! Gomu Gomu no... Grizzly Magnum! Set sail!
Doflamingo: You brats seem to have the devil's luck. I didn't think the sky path would end here.
Buffalo: Young master!
Baby 5: Damn it! That bastard Law really did betray us!
Buffalo: I'm sorry -dasuyan. I wanna apologize with my death.
Baby 5: I was needed and I couldn't help!
Doflamingo: Isn't this the life boat from our tanker?
Buffalo: I'm so ashamed -dasuyan. We did everything we could.
Doflamingo: It's alright.  No need to say anything. You were just following my orders.
Law: Now this is surprising. I didn't think that the boss would come out himself.
Doflamingo: Is that you, Law?  Long time, no see. Couldn't you have stayed so we could meet in person?
Law: If you're searching for Caesar, then he's with me.
Caesar: J-Joker, please save me!
Doflamingo: Where are Baby 5 and Buffalo's bodies?
Law: Who knows. That isn't what we're talking about. Let's make a deal.
Doflamingo: Hey Law, don't try to be so tough. A brat shouldn't try to act like an adult. Where are you right now? You shouldn't anger me.
Law: Anger? Your most important trading partner... is one of the Four Emperors. The great pirate, Kaidou the Beast. You're the one who shouldn't anger him. What do you think would happen if he found out you couldn't make Smiles anymore. He isn't a man you can negotiate with. There would be a brutal battle.
Buffalo: Young master, your face...
Law: You would be killed.
Doflamingo: You're taking this joke too far, Law. What do I have to do for you to give back Caesar? What are your demands?
Law: Give up your position as a Warlord.
Buffalo: What an insolent brat!
Baby 5: Then we won't be able to stay on Dress Rosa!
Law: Throw away everything you've gained these past ten years and return to being a normal pirate. Of course, if you do that then the Admirals from Navy HQ will hunt you down. You have until tomorrow's morning news. If I see that you've retired from the Warlords then I will contact you again. If there is nothing, then all negotiations are off. Later.
Doflamngo: Hey wait, Law!
Baby 5: Young Master!
Doflamingo: You cursed little brat!
Narrator: As they head for the next island, Law reveals his plan to defeat one of the Emperors... and it shocks the crew. Meanwhile on Punk Hazard, Doflamingo descends from the sky... then brings the Navy unit G-5 to the verge of death!
