Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: The Straw Hat Pirates have entered the New World, the mightiest of seas, ruled by the Four Emperors. Once there, they landed on Punk Hazard, an island split between fire and ice. They learned the schemes of Caesar Clown, who controls a lethal weapon, the Land of Death. After forming an alliance with Law of the Seven Warlords, the crew headed to the final battle... and defeated Caesar, at long last, in order to capture him.
Doran: Hey everyone!
Sind: Thanks for saving us! When we grow up we're definitely...
Child: gonna become pirates!
Marines: No you won't!
Luffy: Set sail!
Law: Let's make a deal. Your most important trading partner... is one of the Four Emperors. The great pirate, Kaidou the Beast. What do you think would happen if he found out you couldn't make Smiles anymore. You would be killed.
Doflamingo: What do I have to do to make you give back Caesar? What are your demands?
Law: Give up your position as a Warlord.
Doflamingo: You cursed little brat!
Usopp: How've you been, Sunny?
Robin: It's already out of sight.
Sanji: Fire, ice, poison gas, half-beasts, G-5, and the Seven Warlords... That was one horrible island.
Nami: Well, this is the New World. It's only going to get worse from now on.
Caesar: Ow!  Not so hard.
Chopper: Quit complaining! I really want to beat you up instead of treating you, but I'm a doctor. So, I'm doing this reluctantly.
Caesar: Please be gentle. Ow, it hurts!
Franky: You're wrong, Brook. That isn't a lamb.  It's Mini Merry Mk. 2.
Brook: Is that so?
Franky: By the way, you're the eighth person to ask that question. Earlier... When we split up and I left the cage... I found you, Sunny! So you were hidden over here. Let's go, Sunny! So I followed the canal out to the sea, and went back to retrieve the Mini Merry Mk. 2. After that, in order to meet up with everyone, I returned to the laboratory inside General Franky, who is immune to the poison. Super!
Brook: I see, I see. So, the lamb was okay in the end. That's nice.
Kin'emon: May I have some more tea?
Brook: Okay. Here you go.
Kin'emon/Momonosuke: Compliments on this fine tea.
Brook: Thank you.
Zoro: It's a bit late to ask this, but why are you guys riding on this ship?
Usopp: Now that I think about it, why are you here? All the other kids went with the Navy.
Kin'emon: We are in the midst of an important voyage and would avoid wasting time with the Navy. It will be fine if you drop us off at an island with a port. Until then, we are in your care.
Momonosuke: Please.
Luffy: Yeah, sure.
Usopp: Alright?
Nami: You can pay the fare later.
Kin'emon: You're going to charge us?!
Luffy: Hey Nami, what island are we going to next?
Nami: One second.
Law: Our next destination should be obvious. It's Dress Rosa.
Marine: The gas didn't hurt you at all?
Gasmask Soldier: This protective suit was developed by Vegapunk. The gas was Caesar's invention. It could never breach this suit. Of course, Caesar knew that. So, in order to use our friends as guinea pigs, he said...
Caesar: Guys, just run! Your protective suits are useless now! Throw them off and run to the laboratory!
Gasmask Soldier: U-Understood. Master!
Marine: And so everyone got petrified, huh. Let's hurry. The people that were petrified are still alive. If what Caesar said is true, then... they are just paralyzed inside the husks and suspended in a near death state. Yeah, but after half a day, the poison will spread and kill them. We have to find them and break the husks before that happens. We're gonna save them all. Yeah!
Brownbeard: Thank you, for giving us permission to enter the island. I will never forget you. Now I can save my comrades. We'll definitely come back and turn ourselves in.
Smoker: This is the only exit. Hurry up and get going.
Brownbeard: Alright.
Marines: But what are we supposed to do with these prisoners? Are these two pirates? Dunno, they creep me out. Something's flying toward us. Are those heads? What are you talking about? It's true! Their heads are flying back!
Smoker: That's...
Marines: I-It can't be! Y-You are... Do-Doflamingo! A Warlord? What is he doing here? The Conqueror's Haki?! What are you doing?!
Doflamingo: Are they all gone? The ship isn't here, either.
Marines: Why is a Warlord attacking the Navy?
Doflamingo: I believe a group of pirates were just here until a minute ago? Where did they go?
Marines: How dare you attack our comrades!
Smoker: Stop it, you guys!
Marines: My finger won't move! What's going on? W-What are you doing? W-What about you? No!  My body's moving... on its own!
Doflamingo: Law could be a problem, but Straw Hat is merely a pirate.
Marines: Stop it!
Doflamingo: Where did you let them run off to?!
Marines: What are you doing?
Doflamingo: Answer me! What direction did those brats go?
Marines: What are you talking about?
Doflamingo: Then die.
Smoker: Don't lay another finger on my subordinates!
Marine: S-Smokey!
Doflamingo: Smoker, tell me where those brats are!
Law: By the way, I plan on heading to Green Bit.
Smoker: Who knows?  I sure don't. Joker! They must have just slipped through our fingers. How can I explain this to our Base Commander, Vergo?
Doflamingo: He's dead, isn't he? It sounds like you know too much. Smoker!
Smoker: Take this!
Doflamingo: You can't catch me.
Marine: It's no use. That mysterious power is just too much for him. He's gotta defend himself! Why aren't you using your Sea Stone Jutte?! You could easily negate his powers with it!
Vergo: Demon Staff!
Doflamingo: You're no match for me. Just die, already.
Marines: Smokey! We'll fight as well!
Doflamingo: So you guys want to die first?
Smoker: Stay back!
Marines: Smokey! Vice Admiral Smo!
Luffy: Dress Rosa?
Law: Yeah, there's something we have to do there.
Kin'emon: D-Dress Rosa?!
Luffy: What is it?  Do you know the place?
Kin'emon: T-That is the island that we, no I, am headed to. Is that where you are headed?
Luffy: Yeah, probably.
Law: You don't get it, do you?
Luffy: Nope.
Nami: The currents are changing? What is this?!
Everyone: A hill?!
Luffy: So fast!  The ship is going so fast!
Nami: Keep an eye out for reefs!
Usopp: What's going on with this sea?
Law: It's a sea slope.  They're quite common.
Usopp: This is not ordinary!
Law: There's no need to fight this current. The center needle on the Log Pose is pointing toward Dress Rosa. But don't head straight to it,   take a detour and come around to it.
Nami: Why?
Law: It'll make things easier for us.
Zoro: You really are a know-it-all.
Robin: You were talking to someone on the Snail Phone, who was it?
Law: Doflamingo.
Usopp: Doflamingo!  The Warlord?! Isn't he really dangerous?!
Law: The plan is already in motion.
Zoro: What plan is this?
Luffy: That's right, tell us the plan. Everyone gather around!
Everyone: Form an alliance and take down one of the Four Emperors?!
Zoro: An Emperor?  That sounds good.
Usopp: No it doesn't.
Franky: This is a super-sized plan.
Usopp: Hold on, now.  Everyone calm down. You shouldn't form an alliance with people you don't know, Luffy.
Luffy: It's alright!  I formed an alliance between us and Traf's pirate crew. Let's get along.
Usopp: Who objects to this?
Nami: Me.
Brook: Does objecting do anything?
Sanji: This is something Luffy decided.
Robin: Thank you.
Sanji: I've already warned you, but your definition of an alliance and Luffy's are probably different. Be careful. So that's why Luffy was talking about uncharacteristic things like kidnapping. Not even I could turn this weird sheep into anything delicious.
Caesar: You're all fools. Don't think you'll get away with this. You've landed yourselves on some major big shots' wanted-lists. You idiots! I hope you realize your foolishness before you die!
Chopper: Sanji!  I'm still treating him! Wait until it's done.
Sanji: What kind of doctor are you?!
Law: On Punk Hazard, I asked you guys to kidnap Caesar... while I destroyed the machine that created the substance known as SAD. Most of the big name pirates have turf somewhere on this sea. Along with all their subordinates, they create a massive criminal syndicate. They're on a completely different scale than the pirates you're familiar with. If a single pirate crew tried to take them on alone, they would never even see the captain. But they have to stay in the underworld. All deals and trades are done in secret so they don't attract the Navy's attention. Among them, the most powerful and trusted person is Doflamingo. His underworld name is Joker. And Joker's greatest trading partner is... one the Four Emperors, Kaidou the Beast. He's the one we're after.
Marines: Please stop it! Smokey's gonna die! If he died... then who would lead a bunch of misfits like us?
Doflamingo: Don't worry. I can't be sure what each person knows... so I'll have to kill Law, Straw Hat, and everyone here. I'll kill you all!
Marines: Please stop!
Aokiji: Oh, my. Sorry, little boy. Could you move, please. He's... my friend.
Narrator: Kuzan, formerly known as Admiral Aokiji, appears to save Smoker. Formerly one of the Navy's strongest forces, he stands against the dark mastermind of the Seven Warlords. As things heat up between these two powerful opponents, Aokiji's words change everything.
