Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: The Straw Hat Pirates have entered the New World, the mightiest of seas, ruled by the Four Emperors. After the fierce battle on Punk Hazard, they finally captured Caesar. They departed the island with Trafalgar Law of the Seven Warlords, with whom they've formed an alliance.
Doflamingo: Law could be a problem, but Straw Hat is merely a pirate. Where did you let them run off to?!
Robin: You were talking to someone on the Snail Phone, who was it?
Law: Doflamingo. His underworld name is Joker. And Joker's greatest trading partner is... one the Four Emperors, Kaidou the Beast. He's the one we're after.
Doflamingo: I can't be sure what each person knows... so I'll have to kill Law, Straw Hat, and everyone here. I'll kill you all!
Marines: Please stop!
Aokiji: Oh, my. Sorry, little boy. Could you move, please. He's... my friend.
Marines: That's Aokiji, a former Admiral! He was defeated by Akainu and disappeared!
Buffalo: Young Master!
Baby 5: Young Master!
Buffalo: Thank goodness! He must not have been completely frozen.
Baby 5: Young Master.
Marine: Smokey!
Doflamingo: I don't want to fight you. But if I can't keep his mouth shut... then I will have to change my approach. Could you tell me one thing?
Aokiji: What?
Doflamingo: Just what are you now, Kuzan? The things I've heard about you aren't good.
Aokiji: Hey, hey, hurry it up with the first aid.
Doflamingo: The face of a vagabond is very different from someone who has a purpose.
Aokiji: I never thought the World Government was everything. Even though I'm no longer part of the Navy, there are things I can do. And there are things I can only see because I'm not affiliated with them.
Smoker: I would have died if it weren't for you.
Aokiji: It must have been fate that brought me here.
Smoker: Why did you come?
Aokiji: To see you.
Smoker: How did you know I was here? You're not connected with the underworld, are you?
Marines: A former Admiral is a member of the underworld?!
Aokiji: If you're done treating him, then go somewhere else! I'm still the same person, Smoker.
Smoker: Then that's good.
Aokiji: At any rate, don't take your eyes off Doflamingo. He's both a Warlord and the current king of Dress Rosa, but he's not like the Snake Princess of Kuja. He's an extremely dangerous pirate. Tell Sakazuki to get the Admirals moving. In the worst case scenario, the cogs will be destroyed, and this will become the biggest threat that Sakazuki's new Navy will have faced. I've warned you. Hey you guys... The fact that you met me, could you... Umm... you know. Err, what was it? I forgot.  Oh well.
Marines: We won't tell anyone that we met you!
Smoker: Doflamingo... Joker...
Law: His underworld name is Joker. And Joker's greatest trading partner  is one the Four Emperors, Kaidou the Beast. He's the one we're after.
Kin'emon: K-Kaidou?!
Momonosuke: Kaidou?!
Zoro: What is it?
Kin'emon: No, it is nothing.  Please continue. What is this dragon?! Where is Momonosuke?!
Luffy: That's him.
Kin'emon: T-This dragon is Momonosuke?
Momonosuke: Yeah.
Kin'emon: What?! Just how did this happen?!
Law: Kaidou of the Four Emperors. In order to defeat him, it's essential to whittle down his fighting force. Recently, Kaidou has been buying many fruits from Joker. The artificial Zoan-type Devil Fruit, Smile.
Usopp: A-Artificial?! If they can do that then the number of Devil Fruit users will go through the roof!
Law: Exactly.
Nami: No need to say it so bluntly.
Law: Although there are risks to the artificial Fruits... Kaidou's crew now has over five hundred Devil Fruit users.
Usopp: Who wants out of this?! Me!  Me!  Me!  Me!
Nami: Me!
Chopper: Me!
Zoro: Shut up.
Law: But, he won't be making any more.
Sanji: Because of him?
Chopper: You create the ingredients for artificial Fruits?! This SAD is amazing!
Brook: How surprising.
Usopp: Don't compliment him.
Luffy: Is that SAD-thing really that amazing?
Law: He just adapted the work that Vegapunk had done.
Chopper: Oh, so Vegapunk's the awesome one.
Sanji: Well, that was stupid.
Caesar: Shut up!  Can you idiots make it?!
Sanji: I don't want to be called an idiot by you.
Law: Joker is done for now. We should move on to the next step. The factory that creates Smile is located somewhere on Dress Rosa.
Franky: So all we have to do is find and destroy it?
Law: Exactly. Once that's done, Kaidou won't be able to increase his forces. But our enemy is a trade professional. He won't sit idly by.
Luffy: Dress Rosa?  Is that where you want to go, Kin?
Kin'emon: Correct. A comrade of mine is being held prisoner there. Well...  It seems to have begun raining.
Usopp: What's with that cloud?
Robin: Looks like it's gonna rain.
Sanji: This isn't rain, it's hail.
Nami: This is...
Chopper: Nami?
Luffy: What is it? Is there something wrong with that cloud?
Nami: Franky, get ready to use Coup de Burst.
Franky: Okay!  Leave it to me. Someone take the rudder.
Usopp: I'll do it.
Chopper: We have to take in the sails.  Hurry!
Brook: I do wonder what that cloud could be.
Nami: Turn to port! Fire a Coup de Burst at nine o'clock! Fly towards that area with no clouds!
Usopp: Leave it to me.
Brook: Huh?!
Caesar: Hey, stop it!  Someone stop it!
Usopp: That was close!
Kin'emon: W-We're flying!
Usopp: We did it!
Chopper: That was a close call!
Sanji: As expected of Nami-swan!
Caesar: A-Are you trying to kill me?!
Luffy: That was fun. What do you think, Momo? Isn't this ship amazing?
Momonosuke: I-It is!
Franky: There's nothing this Thousand Sunny, that I created, cannot do! Isn't it super?!
Momonosuke/Kin'emon: Yes it is!
Nami: Momo-chan, do you wanna see the inside of the ship? I'll give you a tour.
Momonosuke: Really? Yes, you may.
Kin'emon: H-He suddenly turned back to his old self.
Nami: Let's go.
Usopp: Alright! Night has fallen!  Nobody has come after us!
Chopper: Indeed, nobody is in pursuit!
Usopp: Good job.
Chopper: Yes sir!
Usopp: They won't find us, right? How many thousands are looking for us? How many tens of thousands? Man, I've been on edge ever since I heard that you threatened Doflamingo!
Chopper: Indeed we have been!
Luffy: Kin gave us armor and helmets, so just let it go.
Brook: Caught between stepping down as a Warlord or fighting with an Emperor... I rather expect him to do neither, and come after us instead. How scary.
Kin'emon: Damn you! Fight me fair and square!
Caesar: Stop it!
Zoro: I'm telling you, it's a long story! Stop it!
Caesar: Stop it!
Nami: Hey, don't do that on the ship!  It's dangerous!
Luffy: Oh, you're playing samurai? Fight, fight!
Kin'emon: I misjudged you! There was a tragedy that brought the entire kingdom to tears. The grave of the Wano Kingdom's hero was defiled. So you were the culprit!
Zoro: No I'm not!
Kin'emon: Yes you are! Shuusui: Autumn Water On your waist is the swordsman Ryuuma's named blade, Shuusui!
Sanji: Hey, hey, go for it! Cut his head off. How many of you are gonna eat a late night snack?
Luffy/Chopper: What did you make?!
Sanji: Pizza.
Kin'emon: Pida? I don't know what that is, but the food that man makes is always delicious. Is Momonosuke already asleep?
Nami: He's taking a bath with Robin.
Kin'emon/Sanji/Brook: What?!
Robin: It's been days since you last had a bath, right?
Momonosuke: Yes.
Robin: Have you warmed up?
Momonosuke: Yes, I am good.
Robin: Perfect timing. Kin'emon-san, where is his kimono?
Kin'emon/Sanji/Brook: What the hell are you playing at, you perverted brat?!
Brook: That's playing dirty.
Sanji: Using your rights as a kid to their fullest!
Kin'emon: Shut up and cut off your topknot!
Nami: Hey, why are you ganging up on a kid?!
Sanji: T-That's not it, D-Dabi-sa. A-A man...
Momonosuke: That was scary, Princess!
Nami: Princess? No need to be so honest. Oh, you're so cute. You can sleep in our room, Momo-chan.
Kin'emon/Sanji/Brook: What?! The secret flower garden that is a woman's room?! What an awful brat!
Dugong: They're here.
Briido: I see, so you found them?
Narrator: As the Straw Hats head to Dress Rosa, they are attacked by an unknown enemy and Caesar is taken from them. But, as Luffy and Law go to get him back, an unexpected foe causes trouble for them... and a surprising reunion awaits!
