Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: On the way to Dress Rosa, the Straw Hat  Crew is attacked by a man named Breed. Using the strange ability to dominate  sea creatures, he kidnapped Caesar. In order to retrieve Caesar, Luffy, Law and Chopper infiltrated the enemy ship. There they happily reunited with a Kung-Fu Dugong from Alabasta. But then they faced the Peto Peto Fruit ability and, just like the other animals... they fell under Breed's control.
Breed: Kill them both, Dugong! That was a great punch, Kung-Fu Dugong. How did it feel to use your own fist to drop those stinking humans into hell? Lay down. Next up, I'll have to discipline you for betraying me.
Chopper: Stop it!
Breed: Oh Chappy!  What's wrong? Let's forget all about that Straw Hat guy. You're gonna spend the rest of your life as my faithful pet in the kingdom I'm creating. What do you think you're doing?
Chopper: I'm a pirate! Pirates are free. I would never be your pet!  I'd rather die!
Luffy: Pirates are free.
Breed: Do you plan to betray me, then?!
Chopper: Betray? The only captain I'll serve is Luffy!
Breed: Are you an idiot?! Both Straw Hat and Trafalgar just got sent to Davy Jones' Locker. Don't you know... what happens to Devil Fruit users when they fall into the ocea-
Chopper: Luffy would never lose to the likes of you! He's the man who will become the Pirate King!
Breed: Pirate King?! Have you gone crazy?
Chopper: You're the one that's crazy. Trying to create a kingdom  full of subservient animals? Someone like you could never do that! Nobody would ever follow someone who doesn't even try to understand how his companions feel!
Unknown: Nobody would ever follow someone who doesn't even try to understand how his companions feel!
Breed: Shut up! You guys finish them off. Hey!  Didn't you hear me?! I told you guys to kill them both!
Chopper: Could the Peto Peto Fruit be...
Breed: Now... Do it! What's this? What?
Luffy: Sorry guys.
Chopper: Luffy!
Luffy: I came to get Chopper back. Oh, and to give you a good punch in the gut!
Breed: How? You guys fell into the ocean!
Law: Your ability won't work against us anymore.
Breed: Huh?  What are you talking about?! Trafalgar, Straw Hat, sit! Hey, I told you to sit. Can't you hear me?
Law: As I thought. As long as we can't hear your orders, your ability doesn't work. Isn't that right. If I use this, then I can't hear your orders. It shuts them out. You have Snail Phones and Speakers all over the place so you can always give orders to the animals, right?
Breed: Damn you, when did you figure that out?
Law: It occurred to me some time ago.
Breed: Caesar, lie down! Lie down, Caesar!  I know you can hear me!
Law: Once I figured it out, I just pretended to obey your commands until I could get Caesar back.
Breed: And your battle with Straw Hat?
Law: Yeah, I was only pretending to obey. But... he was actually obeying you.
Luffy: Hmm, did you say something? I've got earplugs in my ears.  I can't hear your voice.
Law: I could use my ability so it was easy to avoid falling into the ocean.
Caesar: That guy's still busy with Straw Hat and Law... Straw Hat's submarine! It's my lucky day!
Luffy: Caesar!
Law: We found Caesar immediately.  It must be our lucky day.
Caesar: Not lucky for me!  This day has been the worst!
Luffy: Huh, what are you guys saying?
Caesar: If you want to join the conversation then take your earplugs out!
Luffy: What did you say?
Caesar: I said to take out your earplugs! I said...
Breed: Pets are garbage. Humans are garbage. You're all completely useless! Earplugs?!  How pointless. Do you think you've beaten me? I'll show you... the ultimate ability of the Peto Peto Fruit!
Luffy: What's this?
Breed: Now, I command myself... to kill these stinking humans!
Luffy: What's he doing? He put a collar on himself!
Law: He... can't be!
Breed: That's right! Any creature given an order by the Peto Peto Fruit... is able to use all of their strength, which is normally impossible. Assemble, my pets!
Luffy: What's going on? Now, all of you... Punish these stinking humans who won't listen to orders!
Chopper: Stop it!
Luffy: You bastard! What are you doing to your comrades?! Seal?
Breed: What's this?
Chopper: "We aren't your tools!" That's what the dugong is saying. "Your comrades aren't tools." "I'm done with being your pet!" "I won't bow down to your power." "We are pirates! "
Breed: What... are you filth trying to do?!
Luffy: Seal, I'm gonna beat him senseless!
Breed: Damn it! All of you are defying me now! Whatever! I'll destroy every single one of you! Come, Sea-Lapahn! Behold my overwhelming power! I'll send all of you to the bottom of the ocean! There's nothing you can do!
Luffy: Let's go, Seal.
Breed: Anyone who disobeys my orders is trash. They have no right to live! I'm going to wipe you off th- W-What are you guys doing? Hey, let go! Hey, get away from me. Hey!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
English TL: Forward Punch!
Luffy: Hey!
Usopp: What's that?
Sanji: What's up?
Usopp: Oh just... that.
Everyone: Hey!
Sanji: It's Luffy, Chopper, a dugong... and some rabbits?!
Chopper: He says that if we continue in this direction we'll reach Dress Rosa.
Luffy: Thanks for taking the Sunny this far.
Chopper: Thanks!
Nami: What are you guys gonna do now?
Usopp: Are you going back to Alabasta?
Chopper: He says that it's still too early to return home. "We are the Sea Beast Pirates!" We will travel the New World in search of our dreams and adventure."
Luffy: That sounds fun.
Chopper: "Thank you for everything, everyone."
Luffy: Stay well, Seal.
Chopper: "Well then, it's time for me to go."
Luffy: Until next time! Stay well!
Chopper: Don't catch a cold!
Luffy: We'll meet again!
Brook: It's the morning newspaper.
Sanji: "Donquixote Doflamingo..."
Chopper: "...is a Warlord... no more." "...is a Warlord... no more."
Sanji: He's abandoned his throne at Dress Rosa? What's this all about?
Brook: Throne?  Does that mean he was a king?
Luffy: A king? If he's the king, then is it a country of birds?
Franky: Honestly, that was so easy that it's almost creepy.
Law: This is fine. It was his only choice.
Luffy: So, why are our faces in there as well?
Sanji: "One of the Seven Warlords, Trafalgar Law..."
Nami: "...forms an unprecedented alliance with the Straw Hat Pirates"?
Brook: "It is not yet known what the Government will do about Law's actions," it says.
Franky: What's that about?
Nami: There's more!
Unknown: What's with all the big news in today's newspaper? Doflamingo relinquishes his position... Law and Straw Hat are working together. And moreover, these guys... Captain Kid, Scratchmen Apoo, Basil Hawkins. The Kid Pirates, the On-Air Pirates, and the Hawkins Pirates have formed an alliance?! The problem pirates who have been called the "eye of the storm" in the past two years... have started forming alliances! Something's gonna happen in the New World, I'm sure of it!
Nami: Who would've thought that other pirates have formed alliances as well?
Luffy: These guys too? I wonder if they're trying to do the same thing as us?
Law: They're none of our concern. We're going to continue with our plan. Now, let's focus on Doflamingo. You now know how important yesterday's deal was to Doflamingo. We only kidnapped Caesar.  Nothing else. In response, he threw away his twelve year position of king... his license to plunder and all the other privileges of a Warlord. All that in a single night. Doing so much to retrieve one man is his answer.
Unknown: King! Your Majesty?! Why did you step down? Please give us an explanation, Your Majesty.
Unkown: Your Majesty!
Doflamingo: It's me. I've stepped down as a Warlord.
Narrator: Just as everything seems to be going according to Law's plan, Doflamingo's actions throw a wrench in their plans.
