Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece. I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: The Straw Hat Pirates have entered the New World, the mightiest of seas, ruled by the Four Emperors. After their victory in the battle at Punk Hazard, they finally captured Caesar. Then they set off for their next destination, Dress Rosa, accompanied by their ally Trafalgar Law of the Seven Warlords. On the way, they were attacked by the Breed Pirates, who wanted to use Caesar for their own ends... but they managed to defeat them.
Sanji: "Donquixote Doflamingo..."
Chopper: "...is a Warlord... no more." "...is a Warlord... no more."
Title: Violent Shock! Incredible News that Shakes the New World
Citizen: Relinquishing his position as Warlord? What's going on? How should I know? Dress Rosa is done for!
Narrator: Even a massive wave... begins as a barely noticeable ripple.
Citizen: Hey!  We had a weapons deal with the Donquixote Family!  What'll happen now? I keep trying to call them, but nobody answers! What do we do?! Y-You've gotta be kidding me! We can't win this war without those weapons! Hey, what's going on?  Those dangerous rookies from two years back have joined forces?! They're planning something bad, I just know it!
Pirate: Doflamingo resigned from the Seven Warlords! But why? Aren't they gonna give us any more information? Alright!  Start gathering info! How'd our alliance get discovered?! Who is this freelancer Absa?! He's been publishing one big scoop after another lately.
Kid: I don't care that it's been leaked, but this other bit bothers me. Straw Hat and Trafalgar. I'm sure that they're after one of the Four Emperors just like we are. Who are they after?
Doflamingo: It's me.  I've resigned from the Seven Warlords.
Franky: He answered!
Chopper: It's him!
Brook: He picked up the phone!
Luffy: Doflamingo?!
Usopp: He'll hear you!
Luffy: Hello?!  I'm Monkey D. Luffy! The man who'll become the Pirate King!
Usopp: I'm telling you, shut up!
Luffy: Hey!  Mingo! So you're that idiot Caesar's boss?! That bastard hurt Brownbeard and the kids! We'll give Caesar back since we promised, but if he ever does anything like that again... I'll beat the crap out of you, too!
Doflamingo: Straw Hat Luffy. Two years have passed since your brother died, and you disappeared from the world. Where were you and what were you doing?
Luffy: I can't tell anyone.
Doflamingo: I was hoping to run into you. I've got something here that would make you drool.
Luffy: Something that... would make me drool? Something I really want? H-Hey... How delicious is this meat you're talking about?!
Law: Straw Hatter!  Don't let him control the conversation!
Luffy: One chunk of meat... Two chunks of meat...
Usopp: Luffy! Get ahold of yourself! This is his surefire way of controlling the conversation!
Luffy: One hundred chunks of meat... Two hundred chunks of meat...
Usopp: Cut it out!  Stop going along with him!
Law: Joker, no more pointless sidetracking. We will hand over Caesar, as promised.
Doflamingo: That's wise of you. You know very well what would happen if you back out now. First things first, I want to confirm that my vital business partner is safe.
Caesar: Joker, please forgive me! You had to give up your rank for...
Law: Good enough for you?
Doflamingo: Yes, sounds like he's fine.
Law: In eight hours we will be  on the island north of Dress Rosa... Green Bit.  We will be at the southeast beach. We'll drop Caesar there at three o'clock. Pick him up yourself. We will make no further contact.
Doflamingo: How sad.  I wanted to have a drink with you, now that you're all grown-
Luffy: Just hang up already! That was close. He almost controlled the conversation again.
Usopp: Your eyes!  Your eyes!
Sanji: Hey, hang on!  You never specified the number of people who could come.
Usopp & Chopper: Number of people?
Sanji: That's right. What if he brings all his men to the exchange?
Usopp & Chopper: Shock!
Law: It doesn't matter. The way I've planned it, handing Caesar over is just a distraction.
Usopp: So you mean that our goal is to destroy the Smile factory while he's gone?
Law: That's right. Problem is, I don't know where the factory is.
Usopp: Then it's hopeless.
Franky: Shouldn't be a problem. I mean, something as big as a factory can't be too hard to find. I'm sure we'll super-figure it out in no time once we're there. I'll take it out with a single beam!
Usopp & Chopper: Bro!
Law: I tried my best, but I couldn't find any info on the factory.
Nami: That makes sense. It's the enemy's most important facility, right? There might be some kind of trick to it.
Kin'emon: Law-dono!  Law-dono! Did you just say you were heading for Green Bit?
Momonosuke: Did you?
Law: The ship will be anchored at Dress Rosa.  Don't worry.
Kin'emon: I understand.  Thank you, sire.
Momonosuke: We are in your debt.
Luffy: Hey Traf, have you ever been there before? Dress Roba?
Robin: Dress Roba?
Law: Dress Rosa! And no, I've never been there. He is the king of that land.
Luffy: Then let's just work things out after we get there! It'll be an adventure! I'm really looking forward to reaching Dress Rosa! I really wanna go to the Wano Kingdom soon, too.
Law: Don't be a fool!  We can't just rush in without a plan!
Luffy: Sanji, I'm hungry. What's for breakfast?
Sanji: Sandwiches.
Chopper: I want a cotton candy sandwich!
Robin: I'll just have some tea.
Franky: Some cola for me.
Brook: I would like milk.
Nami: You just gotta have one of Sanji-kun's sandwiches in the morning.
Momonosuke: Sandwiches?  What is that?
Law: I hate bread!
Kin'emon: I cannot say anything about why we were being pursued. What I can say is that we first set out for a place called Zou.
Law: Zou?
Kin'emon: You know of it?
Law: It's an odd coincidence. I plan to go to Zou myself after handing over Caesar and destroying the Smile factory.
Kin'emon: Is that true?!
Law: Yeah.  My crew is there already.
Kin'emon: I-In that case... could we perhaps accompany you there?
Luffy: Sure!  And then after that, let's go to the Wano Kingdom.
Law: Hey!
Kin'emon: I am most thankful.
Law: Uh... No problem.
Kin'emon: Luffy-dono. I know not how to repay all your kindness.
Momonosuke: You are too kind.
Luffy: It's fine, don't worry about it. Right, Traf?
Brook: Excuse me.
Kin'emon: Originally, three samurai and Momonosuke set off for Zou, four people in total. But we were shipwrecked. Only one of the other samurai reached Dress Rosa with Momonosuke and I.
Momonosuke: Once we were there, Doflamingo's group pursued us relentlessly. I tried to slip onto a ship unnoticed, but... I met the children who were leaving to be healed of their illness... and in a stroke of ill luck, the ship departed for that island at that exact moment. Father!
Kin'emon: Oh no!  Momonosuke! I panicked and gave pursuit  while my fellow samurai, Kanjuurou, covered me... but then he was taken prisoner!
Kanjuurou: Save Momonosuke!  Do not worry about me!
Kin'emon: That sacrifice allowed me to reach the open sea. I must save him! I must get back!
Franky: Kanjuurou, what a man!
Chopper: Kanjuurou!
Luffy: Alright!  I'll help save him too!
Law: Hey!  Remember our goal here!
Luffy & Chopper & Franky: Kanjuurou!
Baby 5: Young master, Trébol-sama isn't here yet.
Doflamingo: I see. Sorry to have kept you waiting.
Sign: On Sign: Navy
Brannew: Just as the name says, there are only seven  members of the Seven Warlords of the Sea. They are pirates who have been given permission to plunder by the World Government. In return, they grant us their overwhelming power and reputation. Their allegiance to the Government instills fear in pirates around the world. The world's greatest swordsman... "Hawk-Eye" Dracule Mihawk. The king of Dress Rosa, and a charismatic figure of evil... "The Celestial Yaksha" Donquixote Doflamingo. The man who now serves as the Navy's human weapon... "The Tyrant" Bartholomew Kuma. The current empress of Amazon Lily... "The Pirate Empress" Boa Hancock. One of the worst generation, and the mastermind behind the Rocky Port incident... "The Surgeon of Death" Trafalgar Law. And there's the man who has rapidly gained strength over the past two years... Commander of the Pirate Dispatchment Organization, and a living legend... "The Star Clown" Buggy!
Buggy: Ooh?  You're surprised that I became one of the Seven Warlords? You numbskulls! It's not like I asked for this or anything. The World Government just kept begging me to become one, so I had no choice. That said, this is only a rung on the ladder. I'm moving up in the world and nobody can stop me now. In a few years I'll be one of the Four Emperors! Or, I will be the Pirate Ki-
Brannew: And, together with the man we talked about earlier, that's all seven of them. Or at least it was, until this morning. Doflamingo suddenly stepped down. And Law may have to be stripped of his title as well, depending on what he's planning to do. The third great power, that stands alongside Navy HQ and the Four Emperors, cannot remain this unstable!
Gendo Ikari: Yes, I know, Brannew.
Brannew: Fleet Admiral!
Gendo Ikari: We can't allow Law and  Straw Hat to do as they please. Smoker from G5 sent me a rather annoying message yesterday. We should observe the situation for another day... I've dispatched Fujitora.
Citizen: Your Majesty! Please don't step down! Doflamingo-sama! Are the newspapers telling the truth?! Please, say it's not true!
Baby 5: Trébol-sama! Trébol-sama!  Where are you? Have you seen Trébol-sama?
Sugar: No.
Baby 5: Alright.
Giolla: I wonder what the young master is planning.
Machvise: If the Navy's gonna attack then I wanna fight -in!
Lao G: We must only obey the young master.
Baby 5: Trébol-sama, where are you?
Trébol: Oh, Baby 5?
Baby 5: What are you doing up there?
Trébol: Look!  The entire country is in an uproar. I'm sure the rest of the world is uneasy too. By the way... I heard that another one of your fiancés was blown up?
Baby 5: Stay away from me! Why do you always have to bring that up? You're so damn pigheaded!
Trébol: Pigheaded?  But...
Baby 5: Stay back!
Trébol: Pigheaded but what?  What else? Hmm? Pigheaded but still... you love me, perhaps?
Baby 5: Oh, shut up!  The young master is calling for you!
Trébol: The young master?
Baby 5: He said for you to bring the you-know-what! Now get back!  You creep me out.
Trébol: Hey, hey, hey! Baby 5, your fiancés keep getting blown up, right? Why don't you stop choosing guys who Doffy would wanna blow up, and just marry me?
Baby 5: Wha...
Trébol: Just kidding.
Baby 5: Do you... need me?
Family: Stop that!
Doflamingo: The colosseum is as popular as ever. That is thanks to you, Diamante.
Diamante: Not at all. Doffy, this is just due to your charisma as King.
Doflamingo: Not at all. It's because of your talent.
Diamante: Oh, stop talking like I'm some hero of the colosseum.
Doflamingo: But you are.
Diamante: Oh, you exaggerate.
Doflamingo: Fine, you're not.
Diamante: If you must insist, then very well! Indeed!  I am the hero of the colosseum!
Trébol: Hey!  Hey, hey! I brought what you asked for, Doffy!
Doflamingo: You're standing too close!
Trébol: Too close... but?
Doflamingo: But I like that about you.  Now take your seat. Once he finds out about this, Straw Hat Luffy will surely try to get it. Their alliance can very easily become a disadvantage for them. Diamante.  I'd like to entrust you with this.
Diamante: Hang on, Doffy.  I couldn't possibly...
Doflamingo: No, I want you to take care of it.
Diamante: Don't treat me like some kind of genius.
Doflamingo: No, you are a genius.  Nobody else can do it.
Diamante: Oh, you exaggerate.
Doflamingo: Fine, you're not.
Diamante: If you insist, then I must admit that I am a genius! Indeed!  That trash Straw Hat  can try whatever he wants, but it won't work!
Doflamingo: Good to know. He'll jump at the chance to get this. His older brother's power, the Mera Mera Fruit! He wouldn't want anyone else to get this!
Robin: I see the island.
Luffy: There it is!
Narrator: The crew sees the island in the distance.
Luffy: That's a rough looking island! We've reached Dress Rosa!
Usopp: Quit shouting, you idiot!  Doflamingo will hear us!
Zoro: No he won't.
Kin'emon & Momonosuke: Wait for us, Kanjuurou!
Narrator: This is the land of love and passion, Dress Rosa.
Luffy: This is so exciting!
Narrator: Doflamingo's next move causes even more chaos, as the Straw Hats finally drop anchor at Dress Rosa. Both alluring dances and powerful new foes await them there. And then, a strange scene shocks Luffy and the crew!
