Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: The Straw Hat Pirates have entered the New World, the mightiest of seas, ruled by the Four Emperors. After their victory in the battle at Punk Hazard, they finally captured Caesar. Then they set off for their next destination with their ally, Trafalgar Law of the Seven Warlords.
Luffy: We're here!  Dress Rosa!
Narrator: Having made landfall in Dress Rosa, the land ruled over by Doflamingo, Luffy and the others split into three teams. One team to take Caesar to Green Bit and hand him over to Doflamingo. One team to protect the Sunny. And one team to destroy the Smile factory, as well as rescue the captured samurai. Luffy's group entered the port town Acacia, where they encountered living toys. And then they stopped at a restaurant to fill their stomachs...
Luffy: Let's go over there!
Fujitora: So?  Which is it?
Masked man: Too bad for you!  It's black! You lose!
Fujitora: Go!  White!
Masked man: We'll see. Again, how unfortunate!  Black twice in a row!
Fujitora: This time it'll be white!
Masked man: Black!
Fujitora: White!
Masked man: Too bad! It's black!
Fujitora: It seems my luck has run out.  How unfortunate.
Masked man: What will you do?  Will you give up now?
Fujitora: No. I'll give it one last go. I bet all my remaining chips!
Masked man: Intriguing! Then I'll match you and wager everything I've won too! Let's have an all-or-nothing match, like real men!
Fujitora: Everything you've won?  Are you sure?
Masked man: Of course. Alright, here goes. What will it be?
Fujitora: I've decided. White, please.
Title: Swirling Excitement At the Corrida Colosseum
Masked man: If you choose white, then naturally I'll pick black.
Fujitora: Of course. Come on, white!
Masked man: No, it'll be black for sure!
Fujitora: So what is it? I guess the fact that you're not answering means... that it's white, right?
Masked man: Too bad for you, gramps!
Fujitora: You mean...
Masked man: That's right! It's bl-
Luffy: It's white!
Masked man: Huh?!  Who the hell are you?! Take a closer look!  It's black, you dumbass!
Luffy: Nope, that's white.  You won, old man.
Masked man: Stay out of this!  It doesn't concern you!
Man: You wanna die?! Who is that guy? Doesn't he know who he's up against?!
Sanji: And there he goes, butting in again.
Man: Damn bastard!  This was going so well!
Fujitora: D-Did I really win?
Luffy: Yup.  You sure did.
Fujitora: I don't know who you are, but thank you so much for your kindness!
Luffy: Don't mention it.  I just said what I saw. Congratulations. But you're really good at this, huh, old g-
Masked man: Quit being so insolent, kid! If we say it's black, then it's black! He can't see anyway, so what does it matter?!
Man: You're such a bother! Die!
Fujitora: Oh my.  Did I just accidentally trip a giant boar? If so, then I apologize.
Masked man: B-Bastard!
Fujitora: Oh my, this won't do. Young man, could you step aside for a bit? I'm gonna send these guys down to hell, see.
Masked man: Kill him! H-Heavy! I-It's breaking!
Sanji: Eh?!  What was that?!
Franky: What did he do?!
Luffy: Wow, he made a hole!
Fujitora: Being blind has its advantages. Because there are many filthy things in this world that I would rather not look at. Please excuse me.
Man: Who is that guy?
Sanji: Was that a Devil Fruit ability?
Zoro: Probably, but what type of ability was it?
Fujitora: I'm very sorry for the trouble. You can send the request for compensation to this address.
Clerk: Uh, I see... What?! S-Sir, are you...?!
Fujitora: Excuse me.
Luffy: You're really strong, old guy!  Who are you?
Fujitora: It would seem... that it'd be better for the both of us if I didn't tell you.
Man: Hey!  Why don't you watch where you're going?!
Fujitora: I-I'm very sorry.  Are you hurt?
Sanji: Better for the both of us? Is he like, some really infamous guy?
Zoro: Whoever he is, he's definitely trouble.
Man: Hey!  My bag's gone! And my watch!
Toy: Damn it!  My jacket's been stolen!
Man: Even though it's midday, they still managed to sneak in through the dust!
Sanji: Did the old guy pickpocket everyone, or something?
Zoro: One of them is missing!
Kin'emon: What do you mean?
Zoro: One of my swords is gone! Shuusui was right here!
Kin'emon: What?!  The treasure of the Wano Kingdom?!
Zoro: Dammit, where did Shuusui go?!
Kin'emon: What shall we do?!
OH GOD KILL IT WITH FIRE: It seems everyone's been had. The fairies stole them.
Zoro: What's that supposed to mean?! Is it some sort of criminal organization?
OH GOD KILL IT WITH FIRE: Fairies are fairies. You just have to laugh and accept what they do.
Zoro: I can't laugh at this!
OH GOD KILL IT WITH FIRE: The fairies cannot be seen, but they have been the guardians of Dress Rosa for generations. We must turn a blind eye to whatever they do.
Toy: Good grief... Well, if it's the fairies' doing...
Zoro: You gotta be kidding me!
Kin'emon: Indeed! That is a national treasure of the Wano Kingdom!
Zoro: What?!  It's my sword!
Kin'emon: It does not belong to you!
Zoro: Don't make me tell you again!  It was given to me!
Kin'emon: Sooner or later I will fight you for the blade and return it to its rightful home!
Zoro: Suits me fine!  I'll just take you down! Your greed was your downfall, fairies! You're not getting away from me!
Luffy: Where are you going, Zoro?
Sanji: Hold it! We don't have time to let you wander off on your own!
Luffy: Looks like fun.
Franky: Not so fast, Luffy.
Kin'emon: Have you found the culprit?! I will not let you run off with one of the Wano Kingdom's treasures!
Luffy: Let go of me!  I want to go too!
Franky: I've got a great idea.
Luffy: Idea?
Franky: I've come to realize that, in this group, I have to take the lead or nothing will get done.
Sanji: Sheesh!  Are you all trying to attract attention?!
Franky: Just leave it to me, the bro-meister.
Zoro: There you are!  Stop right there!
Sanji: You're the one who's gotta stop!
Kin'emon: Give that back!  It is a treasure of the Wano Kingdom!
Zoro: Stop right there!
Sanji: Again, you stop!
Kin'emon: Give the Wano Kingdom's treasure back!
Child: Look at that weird hairstyle!
Kin'emon: What?!  How insolent! My topknot is in plain sight! This is not good. I am supposed to be a responsible adult... yet I have gotten lost.
Franky: You're one of Doflamingo's men, aren't you?
Masked man: Yeah, what of it?
Franky: My hunch was super-accurate.
Luffy: Sure was.
Masked man: Do you honestly believe you'll get away with opposing the young master here, in Dress Rosa?
Franky: Is that supposed to scare us?
Luffy: We asked you a question, mister.  Better spill the beans.
Masked man: I-I already told you! Yeah, I remember chasing the samurai, but I have no idea how he was captured or where he is now. And I've never heard of this Smile-thing before.
Franky: Not even the letter S in Smile?
Masked man: Nothing at all! And that goes for this factory of yours too! What are you talking about?!
Luffy: Well, this ain't good. Even his own men don't know, huh?
Franky: Then tell us where we can find someone who gives you orders! This guy might just be too low in their ranks.
Masked man: I've no idea where anybody is today. Everyone's too busy. Even I've been called to the colosseum. Look. People from all over the country are heading to the colosseum today.
Luffy: Colosseum?
Masked man: The Corrida Colosseum. If you wanna find the higher-ups, go there.
Franky: Why?
Masked man: Today's a special event. The Family's commanders are probably gonna be there.
Franky: Is this special event really that super?
Masked man: I dunno the details, but the young master's prepared a spectacular prize. I couldn't believe it when I found out. It's something anyone would want.
Luffy: You don't mean... that ultra-delicious meat that Mingo was talking about?!
Masked man: What?
Franky: He only said that it was something you'd want.
Luffy: Well, what is it then?
Masked man: Now, try not to be too surprised when you hear this. It is...
Child: Ow! It's him!  The Thunder Soldier! That hurts! We wanna see too!
Toy: Let us in!
Soldier-san: Children are not allowed to watch people fight to the death! Go home!
Soldier: That's the toy soldier from the wanted posters! Doesn't he ever give up?!
Soldier-san: That won't hit me! Jet walk!
Announcer: Ladies, gentlemen and toys! Have we got a major event for you today! A truly special occasion! For this day, the King has granted us... a priceless gem! Two years ago, at the Great War at Marineford... a man lost his life.
Toy: Huh?  You don't mean...
Announcer: He was second commander of the legendary Whitebeard Pirates, and the son of the Pirate King. Ace!
Man: Ace?!
Ace: Flame Commandment! Fire Pillar!
Announcer: They say his fists of flame could pierce warships... or burn cities to the ground and turn them into a living hell! This formidable power has returned to the world. Reborn in the form of a new Devil Fruit!
Toy: R-Reborn?
Citizen: Seriously?!
Announcer: Behold! This forbidden fruit will be given to the victor of today's battle! One of the Logia Devil Fruits, the strongest of the three varieties!
Citizen: No way! That's...
Announcer: The Mera Mera Fruit!
Toy: Amazing!
Citizen: Too amazing for words!
Franky: Is that true?
Masked man: The young master would never lie about something like this!
Luffy: Ace's... Mera Mera Fruit?
Narrator: The battle for the Mera Mera Fruit is about to begin. Meanwhile, Sanji has a fateful encounter with a stunning flamenco dancer. Their dangerous love will cause yet another complication!
