Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to bring down one of the Four Emperors, who rule the New World... Luffy and the others have formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they plan to release Caesar, whom they captured on Punk Hazard, and destroy the factory that produces the deadly weapon Smile. To accomplish this, they've infiltrated Dress Rosa, the country that Doflamingo governs.
Luffy: Ace's... Mera Mera Fruit?
Title: A Dangerous Love Violet the Dancer
Citizen: The victor will be awarded a Devil Fruit? And not only that... It's the one that used to belong to Fire Fist Ace, the Mera Mera Fruit!
Announcer: Today our colosseum will be host to... great men from all parts of the New World who have been summoned by our King, as well as any skilled commoners who are willing to enter! They will do battle in separate blocks, and the winner from each block will battle for the grand prize! However!  This gem will not be handed over easily. If anyone thinks they can steal it, I'd like to see them try! It is being guarded by people far more powerful than our usual combatants. Namely... members of the esteemed Donquixote Family! Señor Pink! Dellinger! Lao G! Machvise!
Citizen: Vise!
Announcer: And last but not least, the hero of our colosseum... Mister Diamante!
Citizen: Diamante-sama! Diamante! Let's get this thing started! Let's see some blood! Enough waiting!  I wanna see some fighting, already!
Luffy: What... is Ace's Mera Mera Fruit doing here?
Masked man: F-From what I understand, each Devil Fruit is unique and no two have the same power. But when a Devil Fruit user dies, the Fruit that holds that power will reappear again somewhere in the world. And whoever eats the new Fruit will become the next holder of its power. After Fire Fist Ace died, the Mera Mera Fruit reappeared somewhere unnoticed. Until the young master managed to find it!
Luffy: That bastard!
Masked man: He's giving away a Logia Devil Fruit as a prize for his business. The young master is much more generous than he needs to be. I'm sure my life would be changed if I could gain that amazing power.
Luffy: Like hell I'd let you eat it!
Franky: Oh yeah, Ace was your...
Luffy: I want that Mera Mera Fruit! Oh, I know!  Why don't you eat it, Franky?
Franky: I'd rather not become an anchor.
Luffy: I've already ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit so I can't eat another one... but I don't want some random stranger to run off with Ace's power!
Franky: So it's like a memento for you? Thinking of what Doflamingo said, this is probably a trap.
Doflamingo: I've got something here that would make you drool.
Franky: All I'll say is... Don't let this chance slip away! You'd just end up regretting it. Besides, we've got business at the colosseum anyway. So let's go.
Masked man: You fools. If wanting it was all it took, nobody would lose their lives there. You underestimate the danger of the colosseum.
Zoro: Fairy, my ass!  He's just some thief! Where did he go? Over here!
Sanji: I keep telling you to wait! Surely you can lose a sword.  Or two!
Zoro: Like hell I can, you damned idiot! Dammit!  You're not getting away from me!
Sanji: We don't have time for you to run off on your own! What's that?
Zoro: Did you find the fairy?
Sanji: Fairy? No... A goddess!
Citizen: Such sweetness! Such passion! No one in the world can match your dancing!
Sanji: What? Sh- She's so beautiful!
Zoro: Have you forgotten that women in this country stab men to death? You're just gonna wind up dead.
Sanji: I'd gladly let her stab me! Shit!  I lost sight of him! That Moss-Head got himself lost! Right, this is an excellent opportunity. Let's just leave him here. He's nothing but trouble anyway. I did everything I could. Looks like this place is filled with couples. I'm really jealous. I wonder if this place would make Nami-san and Robin-chan hopelessly fall for me?
Violet: Hello, you there! You're the one who was looking at me earlier, right? Please... hold me in your arms!
Sanji: Whaaat?!
Guard: Where did she run off to? She must have snuck out the back door into Lovers' Avenue.  She can't be far! Don't let her get out of the city! Yes sir!
Violet: Thank you.  It looks like they're gone. Umm... you can let go now.
Sanji: Oh, you are very welcome.
Violet: I'm so sorry!  Did you hit your head?
Sanji: No, the only thing that has hit me is the impact of our meeting.
Violet: But there's so much blood!
Sanji: No... it's nothing.
Violet: Poor you.
Sanji: It's no use!  I cannot resist this passion!
Violet: No, you mustn't look at me like that! I have forsaken love. Every man I've gotten involved with-
Sanji: I know! They were all in paradise! You were being chased, right?  Who were those people? If there's anything I can do to help, just tell me!
Violet: That was the police. I... stabbed a man to death... because our love had turned sour.
Sanji: What?! You mean it's true?!  Women in this country really are passionate enough to kill?! Okay!
Violet: You're okay with that?!
Sanji: What's wrong?
Violet: No, you can't just forgive a demonic woman like me! Or I might... fall in love with you. My name is Violet. Would you be so kind as to escort me to the next town?
Sanji: The next town?
Violet: And once there... will you kill a man for me?
Zoro: I don't care that it's some kind of national treasure... I just refuse to lose Shuusui! Sheesh!  First there are living toys hanging out with humans... and now there are fairies who rob people?! This island is just insane!
OH GOD KILL IT WITH FIRE: The fairies stole them.
Zoro: What's that supposed to mean?!
OH GOD KILL IT WITH FIRE: We must turn a blind eye to whatever they do.
Zoro: I don't care about fairies. I'll squash them or cut them to pieces to get my sword back! Hold it right there, robber fairy!
Sanji: Dear Nami-san and Robin-chan, please forgive this sinful man. At last... At long last... I have met my goddess of destiny. I was born to be your bodyguard. Indeed, I exist to protect you. Hip hip hooray... for the capital of love, Dress Rosa.
Kin'emon: I shall reclaim the treasure of the Wano Kingdom, whatever it takes. However, before that I must save Kanjuurou, who is being held hostage by Doflamingo and his men! Kanjuurou!
Citizen: Why are you in such a hurry?
Kin'emon: What is that?! Undoubtedly it is a gesture indicating her affection toward me. Very compelling!  However...
Citizen: Don't run away!
Kin'emon: I-I must resist her! I must not be overcome by female wiles! It would be shameful for a warrior! Where are you, Kanjuurou?!
Sanji: Excuse me.
Chef: A customer?  You can't just barge back here. We're still preparing your meal.
Sanji: I guess these ingredients are passable. But the way you treat your knives and pans is completely disgraceful. And you haven't even cleaned the plates. You guys can get lost.
Chef: Who do you think you are?!
Sanji: I'm about to prepare a meal for the perfect woman. Get out of the kitchen.
Chef: Bastard!  Don't think that you can insult chefs! W-Who is this guy?!
Sanji: I'm not the one insulting chefs here. I'm just going to borrow your equipment for a bit. Sorry to have kept you waiting, Violet-chan. All that dancing must have exhausted you. Have some of my special cuisine. It's both delicious and highly nutritious.
Violet: You are...
Zoro: Hold it! Damn robber fairy!
Sanji: Moss-Head?
Kin'emon: Where are you?! Kanjuurou!
Sanji: Kin'emon?!
Violet: Is something happening out there?
Sanji: Oh, no.  Nothing at all. I have wound up going my own direction. Forgive me, Luffy. This is fate!
Franky: So this is...
Luffy: The colosseum is enormous!
Franky: What kind of battles do they show in this? Just listen to those cheers! Suddenly, I wanna participate too.
Luffy: They're really getting fired up.
Soldier: You've caused so much trouble! Just give up already! Criminal toy soldier!
Soldier-san: No good!  You can't hit me! Jet Walk! Look, my dear slugs! I have entered the colosseum! You know the law, don't you? Cops and marines are forbidden to enter the colosseum! Even if you see criminals within the colosseum, you have no authority here! The only law that applies in here is the law of the Donquixote Family! Pull those triggers, and you will be the criminals! Now get out of my sight!
Soldier: Dammit.
Franky: What a weird island. They even have toys on the most wanted lists? And what a high-and-mighty toy he is!
Soldier-san: Oh, pardon me old man! Shall I carry your luggage for you?
Franky: What's this?  He sure got real polite all of a sudden.
Luffy: What a funny soldier!
Soldier-san: Hmm? You find me funny? How about this?  How about this?
Franky: Could you step aside, pops?
Soldier-san: Oh, am I in your way?  How terribly rude of me!
Franky: You're blushing like crazy! You're really serious, huh?
Soldier-san: N-Not at all! Making people smile is a toy's duty! As if there could ever be such a thing as a serious toy!
Luffy: He's taking it personally!
Staff: The open sign-up for today's battle is about to close. Not that any commoners would want to participate, anyway. They're too scared.
Franky: Hey, Luffy.  Looks like that's your entrance over there.
Luffy: Oh, I see. Alright, I'm participating!  Sign me up! I'll fight!
Soldier: Don't be so reckless, Sir!
Narrator: Pirates, criminals and murderers. Villains of all kinds from across the New World have assembled at the colosseum. Luffy conceals his true identity and joins as an unknown combatant. As the ambition to claim the Mera Mera Fruit swirls in the air, Luffy's role in the tournament begins!
