Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy's group were supposed to destroy the Smile factory and save the samurai... but after Zoro's sword was stolen, the group split up.
Violet: Please... hold me in your arms! I might... fall in love with you. My name is Violet. Would you be so kind as to escort me to the next town?
Sanji: The next town?
Violet: And once there... will you kill a man for me?
Citizen: The victor will be awarded a Devil Fruit? And not only that... It's the one that used to belong to Fire Fist Ace, the Mera Mera Fruit!
Luffy: Alright, I'm participating!  Sign me up! I'll fight!
Soldier: Don't be so reckless, Sir!
Receptionist: Sir, this is the reception for Corrida Colosseum.
Luffy: Yeah!  I'm gonna enter!
Citizen: Is that old man entering the contest? Will he be okay? Doesn't he know who the other contestants are? He must not. Powerful people from all over the New World are trying to win the Mera Mera Fruit! And some really strong members of the Donquixote family are here as well!
Franky: Hey Luffy, promise me this. You're free to fight, but don't let anyone recognize you.
Luffy: Alright.
Receptionist: Okay, just sign your name...
Luffy: Luff-
Franky: You idiot!
Receptionist: Only participants are allowed past this point. Come with me.
Franky: You can beat them all up... but try not to stand out too much.
Luffy: Leave it to me. I'll definitely get the Mera Mera Fruit.
Soldier: So... you did sign up after all, Rebecca.
Franky: Hey.
Soldier: Yes, what is it?
Franky: Were you born in this country?
Soldier: Of course.  I was born and raised in Dress Rosa!
Franky: I see. I have something to ask you. Do you know if the senior members of the Donquixote family are here?
Soldier: Donquixote-
Franky: Don't make a scene. Do you know or not?
Soldier: Why do you want to know such a thing?
Franky: That I can't tell you. And do you know anything about the factory?
Soldier: T-The factory?!
Franky: I said not to make a scene.
Violet: Thank you very much. Your food is the best I've ever tasted.
Sanji: My life finally makes sense. The reason why I have been polishing my cooking skills... was so that you may enjoy them.
Violet: I don't believe it... I'm so happy! They've found me. This way!
Sanji: I will follow you anywhere. We're like runaway lovers! The more they chase us, the tighter she holds me! The more the world hunts us, the brighter the flame of our love burns! I hope this happiness lasts forever!
Violet: We'll attract attention if we keep running. We should walk from here.
Sanji: Yes! That dream didn't last long. T-T-This is...
Violet: Let's go.
Receptionist: This is the participants' waiting room. You may do as you please here until your number is called.
Luffy: Wow, this place is filled with excitement!
Participant: The Mera Mera Fruit is mine! It's mine you idiot! Move it!  You're in my way! What did you say?! Who's that midget?
Luffy: I see. So we can use any weapon we want?
Participant: Hey, who is that guy?! He's a late entrant. What does that midget think he's gonna do here?
Spartan: I hate these kind of jokers the most! Hey you fake-bearded runt! This is an arena of battle!
Participant: He's not worth it, Spartan!
Spartan: Watching some weakling get crushed isn't entertaining! The audience gets excited when the strong go head to head! You have no right to be here! Get out! Get out of here right now!
Luffy: Nice to meet you all!
Participant: Hey, what's with that midget? He defeated Spartan! That's impossible! He's one of the colosseum's top gladiators! Maybe he just tripped over his own feet? As if that would make a hole in the ground!
Luffy: Now, where should I be going?
Staff: Are you the one that caused this? Get out of here right now! You are disqualified.
Luffy: Huh?!
Staff: Anyone who starts a fight before the match begins-
Sai: Now, now... Don't be like that. The fat-ass was the one who started it! He's the one you should disqualify!
Boo: Not that he's conscious anyway.
Participant: It's Sai and Boo of the Flower Kingdom! Even Don Chinjao is here! That guy's a legend!
Staff: Is he telling the truth?
Participant: Yeah, that's right. Spartan started it.
Staff: I see. Then Spartan is disqualified. You may still participate, Lucy.
Luffy: Thanks! You really helped me out, thanks!
Sai: It's fine, you really don't need to thank me. You don't need to thank me. You really shouldn't thank me. Don't thank me! Thank... Take it back, you bastard!
Boo: You're going too far, big bro!
Sai: Never thank me again!  You idiot!
Boo: Sorry, he's a hot-headed guy.
Luffy: There sure are all kinds of people here.
Kerry: You scum, don't start an alliance with the strong guys in your block, Dagama!
Dagama: Huh? What on earth are you going on about, Kelly Funk?!
Participant: Hey, look at that. Yeah, big names from all over the world have gathered here. They're probably all here... to raise the status of their country by getting the Devil Fruit.
Kerry: Creating alliances and paying people off! You make me sick!
Bobby: It's every man for himself in this battle. Even if you create an alliance, only one person can move on to the next round.
Dagama: Don't be naive! We were all ordered here by our countries! The country that gets the Mera Mera Fruit... gains a massive military and political advantage. Take a look around you, at this line up! Over there, he's an A-class war criminal... who was involved in the Sea Battle of Dias, Slayman the Beheader! Former bounty hunters who bombed a government institution, Abdullah and Jeet! The Fake Adventurer, he who gains control through massacres, Orlumbus! Recommended by the Donquixote Family themselves... a brutal pirate worth over 100 million,  Bellamy the Hyena! As well as the Nobleman Pirate Cavendish... and the crazed rookie from a year ago, Bartolomeo! What were you thinking?! That a cast of characters like this wouldn't plot with each other? It'd be weird if they weren't planning anything! You guys are plotting too, right?!
Luffy: Isn't there anything to eat?
Staff: No.
Dagama: The first round is a Battle Royale! Only the last man standing gets to move on! A-Block will start soon! And after that, the B, C and D-Blocks! There are over 550 participants and only four people make it to the second round! It's nearly impossible to win this! Don't you think?! You guys probably did something so you'd both be in the same block.
Kerry: It's a coincidence!
Bobby: A coincidence.
Luffy: What block am I in?
Receptionist: I told you at the reception. You're number 556, so you're in the C-Block.
Dagama: Everyone has their own reasons for being here, but no matter who wins the Mera Mera Fruit... they will shake the world! So everyone just cut the chatter and let your fists do the talking!
Announcer: I apologize for the wait! Now, I will explain the battles! The first round will be a battle royale that is split into four blocks! In a battle royale there are no teams and everyone fights at the same time! The one who can make it through the entire battle without getting killed or disqualified, is the winner! Fall out of the ring and you're out. Die in the ring and you're out. Waiting in the water outside the ring are the colosseum's famed Little Fighting Fish! Both inside and outside the ring is hell.  That's the Corrida Colosseum! Now it's time to begin! Here we go... The first round of Corrida Colosseum's special event! The A-Block's 137 competitors in a battle royale! Ring the starting bell!
Participant: Take this!
Luffy: Armor!  Helmets! Amazing! Can I use all of these?!
Receptionist: Aside from projectile weapons, anything goes.
Luffy: A half-naked old warrior statue! How cool! I want it!
Receptionist: You may not have it.
Luffy: I'm gonna put on some armor. And a helmet that's cooler than that old guy's. Wow, this is cool. This big sword should be good. This looks good.  I'm gonna look awesome! I'm so cool! I wish Usopp and the others could see this!
Staff: Hey, what happened?!
Receptionist: It's the Nobleman...
Staff: The Nobleman?
Participant: The female staff are all collapsing. What?
Staff: No, he's just so intense.
Participant: Look, it's Cavendish! The Nobleman Pirate?  He's alive?! But he's so beautiful!
Cavendish: Is this the equipment room? Hey, you there... You can't wear all that. There's a weight limit to the armor you can wear.
Luffy: Really? But it's really cool.
Cavendish: Of course, it doesn't matter what you do. The Mera Mera Fruit will be mine. Yes, it is uniquely suited to me. It's a wonderfully beautiful power.
Narrator: The overly beautiful, rookie pirate whose bounty surpasses 100 million, Cavendish. He reveals his horrifying reason for wanting the Mera Mera Fruit, and declares that he will slaughter all rookies of Luffy's generation. As the battle in the colosseum heats up, Luffy meets a mysterious, beautiful female gladiator.
