Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, Luffy and his crew formed an alliance with Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy's group were supposed to destroy the Smile factory and save a samurai... but after Zoro's sword was stolen, the group split up. Once Luffy found out that the Mera Mera fruit is the prize, he decided to join the tournament at Corrida Colosseum. But many of the world's strongest people are also participating.
Cavendish: Hey, you there... You can't wear all that. There's a weight limit to the armor you can wear.
Luffy: Really?
Cavendish: Of course, it doesn't matter what you do. The Mera Mera Fruit will be mine. Yes, it is uniquely suited to me. It's a wonderfully beautiful power. My name is Cavendish. But there's really no need for me to introduce myself... since everyone already knows who I am.
Staff: He's so beautiful! It's the Pirate Nobleman of the White Horse, Cavendish! I never thought that I'd meet him here!
Cavendish: How sinful it is to be beautiful! A perfect existence, just like this rose... That is what I am. From the day I was born, I have been far too blessed! I mean, I've made it this far without using a Devil Fruit or putting any effort into my actions! I made it with pure talent!
Staff: You're wearing too much.
Cavendish: I just told you that! Get back here, right now!
Luffy: Aww... but this is so cool! Is that why everyone's half-naked? It's really lively out there!
Cavendish: Do you know why the audience is so excited? It's blood. For the audience, the gladiators are just another form of entertainment. The blood of the fallen excites them. The colosseum reveals the true color of humanity. All the frustration, fear and anger that they suppress everyday. The cruelty that people hide in their hearts. People want to let it all out. Who on earth wants to see a fight drawn out by armor? For those people, this battle is nothing more than a show.
Luffy: Do I have to take off this cape as well? But it's so cool!
Cavendish: Hey, you... I saw you before, when you smashed that massive man. Just who are you?
Luffy: I'm Luffy.
Dudebro: Lu-
Luffy: The man who'll become the Pirate King!
Gladiator: Your name's Lucy!
Luffy: Oh yeah, it's Lucy.
Gladitor: You can't even pronounce your own name properly?!
Cavendish: Lucy, huh.
Gladiator: I thought Straw Hat Luffy was here. There's no way he'd be here. I've heard that he's an eight-meter-tall giant.
Luffy: This is cool!
Cavendish: If you really were Straw Hat Luffy... then I'd have to kill you right here.
Luffy: Why?
Cavendish: I entered the New World three years ago. The world was shook to its core by the appearance of a beautiful rookie worth over 200 million. I was constantly on the front page of the newspapers. All the girls went crazy over my wanted posters. They kept stealing all of the wanted posters around town. Everyone was focused on me. "Hey, star of the show!" "Hmm, are you calling me?" "Of course!" "Look at me, Cavendish-sama!" "Don't worry, I'm always looking at you." But, after just one year, the war against Whitebeard changed everything! Straw Hat Luffy stood beside Whitebeard, and the entire world  was entranced by them! Furthermore, new rookies just kept popping up. They're known as the notorious "Worst Generation" for the crazy amount of havoc they wreak! The reporters don't even look at me anymore! That's why I'll kill all those annoying upstarts! Every single one!
Luffy: I-I think you're blaming the wrong people.
Cavendish: Say whatever you want. I'll happily kill all the junior rookies it takes to make the world notice me again! After obtaining the Mera Mera Fruit at this tournament...
Staff: You're okay now.
Luffy: Yeah!
Cavendish: ...you won't ignore me anymore, either! Dammit! I'll definitely win that Mera Mera Fruit!
Gladiator: Is she competing? She's pretty cute but she doesn't look very strong. How unsociable. You should just leave her alone. Why? Don't you know?
Luffy: I see. I ended up looking like this old man.
Rebecca: Are you interested in him?
Luffy: Who are you?
Rebecca: I'm Rebecca, a gladiator. Thanks for before. I really hated Spartan.
Luffy: You don't need to thank me for that.
Rebecca: This is a statue of a legendary man.
Luffy: Legendary?  This old man?!
Rebecca: He is the strongest gladiator in the history of the Corrida Colosseum, Kyros. He's fought three thousand battles, and never lost a single one. And only a single attack was ever able to hit him.
Luffy: Is he really that strong?
Rebecca: He was still fighting here twenty years ago. But no one in this country knows who he is.
Luffy: What do you mean?
Rebecca: The old people of this country and even the gladiators, not a single person has ever met him. This is the most mysterious statue in all of Dress Rosa. Did the gladiator Kyros exist? Was he made up by someone? And when did this bronze statue appear here? Everything we know about him is what's engraved on this plate. No one knows who he is, but everyone accepts that he actually existed. That's also a mystery.
Luffy: I don't understand any of that, but I like this statue. It's manly.
Rebecca: I like it too.
Gladiator: Hey, Great Warrior, Rebecca-chan! We're all expecting something great from the undefeated woman. I'm sure you were happy to see Spartan defeated so easily after he bullied you for years. C'mon, don't bug the poor girl.  Let's go. Everyone's just waiting for you to fail.
Luffy: What's with those guys?
Rebecca: Don't worry about it. This... is gonna be my last battle. I'll claim the Mera Mera Fruit... and kill Doflamingo.
Luffy: Mingo?!
Rebecca: What block are you in?
Luffy: C.
Rebecca: That's good.  I'm in Block D. I hope that we both survive the first round. Lucy.
Gladiator: How can he be so strong?!
Burgess: Happy Store!
Commentator: What overwhelming strength. The man wearing a paper bag, Mr. Store! I wonder if anyone can defeat him!
Gladiator: There's an amazing guy in Block A!
Luffy: What's going on? Who is it?
Gladiator: As if I'll lose here!
Commentator: He can't get out of this one!
Burgess: Happy Store!
Commentator: The winner of Block A, the Masked Man... Mr. Store! It ended so quickly! A new hero for the colosseum has appeared! Is he gonna take off the mask?! Is he gonna take it off?! He took it off!
Franky: He's...
Commentator: What a turn of events! We all know this masked man! What an interesting beginning and an unexpected participant! The winner of the Battle Royale in Block A is...
Luffy: I know him!
Commentator: The winner of Block A is... a man who silences crying children! From the Blackbeard Pirates, of the Four Emperors, First Fleet Captain, Jesus Burgess!
Luffy: He's that champion guy from back then!
Burgess: I'm a champion!
Gladiator: The Blackbeard Pirates?! Why's a guy like that participating?!
Commentator: Who'd expected Burgess to participate?! That explains his incredible strength!
Audience: This makes it even more exciting. Go, Burgess!
Franky: The Blackbeard Pirates? I thought Luffy would easily win this tournament... but it might be harder than I thought. I hope he doesn't expose who he really is. Well then, I should get to work.
Soldier: W-Wait a moment! I'm going with you.
Franky: Move it, you're in my way.
Soldier: Just listen to me for a second.
Franky: I don't have time to sit around and listen to stories.
Soldier: Please wait!
Franky: Damn toy!  Cut it out! I'm not interested in listening to someone who doesn't know where the factory is! I'll just beat up an important member of the Doflamingo Family... and make them tell me where it is!
Soldier: W-Wait a moment, quiet down!
Franky: What is it?!
Soldier: Let's go somewhere else. You shouldn't say something so radical here.
Franky: What's with you, all of a sudden?
Unknown: Medical team, give aid to the injured members of Block A.
Marine: Pirate Mercenary Hairudin, Cavendish, and even Gambia the Missionary?!
Man: There's no need to be in such a hurry.
Maynard: They're all big shots.
Marine: It would be terrible if the Mera Mera Fruit fell into their hands.
Maynard: I was surprised by Burgess.
Marine: I'll confirm it with Isshou-san right now.
Maynard: Yeah.
Gambia: Hey hey! Young man, are you talking to yourself?! Or were you talking to someone else, perhaps? How suspicious. Was I right?! What's that memo?! You were whispering all those cool guys' names! Gambia the Missionary, that would be me! What are you up to? You can't answer? Are you perchance a mar-
Marine: Did something happen?  Please respond!
Maynard: Everything's okay. I'll call back in ten minutes.
Marine: Understood.
Maynard: You really shouldn't stick your nose where it doesn't belong. Missionary Gambia, disappear.
Gladiator: I'm scared!  That monster's gonna kill me! Get a hold of yourself. It's all over, you'll be fine. The colosseum has yet to settle down after Block A's battle! I wonder what kind of battle we can expect from Block B!
Fujitora: Let's go. There are quite a few familiar names here.
Marine: So what should we do? Oh, your coat.
Fujitora: Here you go. Are you okay?
Girl: Yeah, thank you, mister!
Fujitora: You're welcome.
Marine: Here's your coat, Isshou-san.
Fujitora: Thanks. Let's go. Have three warships sent here. Then we should go to... err... what was it called?
Marine: Green Bit.
Fujitora: Yes, we should go there. And, in addition, have as many medical teams standing by as possible. Just in case people get injured.
Marine: Yes, Sir.
Fujitora: I also want you to figure out how many audience members there are. The population of this town as well.
Marine: Not the number of enemies? Is this necessary?
Fujitora: Surely the number of enemies should be considered less important... than the number of people who need protection.
Marine: Yes, Sir! Calling all marines on Dress Rosa! We are heading to Green Bit. Rendezvous in front of the colosseum. Under the command of the Admiral, the operation is about to begin!
Maynard: This is Maynard. Sorry about before. There are no problems on my end. Oh, also about Gambia the Missionary, that subordinate of Bartolomeo. You can cross his name off the list. I was wrong about him.
Gambia: D-Damned... marine!
Maynard: I will continue with the operation.
Staff: The medical room is over there! We don't have enough stretchers! Anyone that can walk, get out by yourself!
Luffy: They've really been beaten down by that champion guy.
Bellamy: Hey! I ain't blind. It doesn't matter if you wear a disguise, I'd never forget the face of the man who... destroyed my reputation.
Luffy: It's you!
Narrator: As participants in the colosseum are revealed, another ambitious man after the Mera Mera Fruit appears in front of Luffy. He is a man whom Luffy has met before, as they fought in Mock Town.
