Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy decided to join the battle royale... when he found out that the prize is the Mera Mera Fruit.
Rebecca: Are you interested in him?
Luffy: Who are you?
Rebecca: I'm Rebecca, a gladiator. That man was a legend.
Luffy: A legend?  This old man?!
Rebecca: He was Corrida Colosseum's  strongest gladiator, Kyros.
Narrator: A-Block's battle had finally begun. The winner was Burgess from the Blackbeard Pirates. As B-Block was about to begin...
Bellamy: Hey... I ain't blind. Even if you disguise yourself, I'd never forget the face of the man who... destroyed my reputation.
Luffy: It's you! If I remember... He's the guy who beat up the old diamond-head guy. I'll be back by the morning.
Bellamy: The Golden City?! Sky Island?! The era of dreams is over! You're a disgrace to pirates.
Luffy: Your name was... Mallo-
Bellamy: It's Bellamy.
Luffy: Oh yeah, Bellamy. Why are you here?!
Bellamy: No reason. It's not like I live on Jaya. I can go wherever I want. I've looked up to Doflamingo ever since I was a kid. I'm not interested in the Mera Mera Fruit, but I have a reason to win.
Luffy: Then I'll just have to fight you again.
Bellamy: I'm a different person now. I went to Sky Island, Straw Hat.
Luffy: Skypiea?
Bellamy: I lost my crew, but it turned my world around completely.
Luffy: You better not have touched anyone up there!
Bellamy: Who knows... In any case, I bear you no grudge. In order to survive the coming wave, I'm gonna ride on Doflamingo's ship. I won't laugh at you anymore.
Bartolomeo: Hey...
Person: Green Bit? I wouldn't recommend going there. Are you researchers or explorers?
Usopp: Something like that.
Person: Unless you're willing to risk your life for it, don't go.
Robin: But that bridge looks fairly sturdy.
Person: Yes, it's solid steel. But look, as you can see, no one uses it. Around Green Bit, there's a school of Fighting Fish. Before they came around, a lot of people went there. But that was over two hundred years ago.
Caesar: Pardon me Sir, but what is a Fighting Fish?
Person: A vicious fish with horns. If you get close to them on a ship, then they'll capsize it. That's why we made a bridge of steel, but it didn't help.
Usopp: It didn't work?! Those fish can destroy a steel bridge?!
Person: I dunno how well the bridge works. Only the people who've used it know, but I don't know anyone that's come back.
Usopp: Huh?! Hey Traf, you gotta change the exchange location!
Caesar: Yeah!  Think of the person being handed over, you idiot!
Usopp: Idiot!
Law: I won't change it. We've come too far for you to start complaining. What worries me more is the current state of this country. The king just renounced his throne,  so why are things so peaceful here? I knew there'd be complications, but I didn't expect them so soon.
Usopp: Now I'm worried too! What's wrong, Robin? What's wrong with you guys?
Law: CP-0.
Usopp: CP?
Robin: The world's strongest intelligence agency. Cipher Pol Aigis 0.
Usopp: A-Are they related to CP-9?
Robin: These guys are at the top of that organization.
Usopp: You mean these guys are stronger than CP-9?! Those guys were already plenty awful!
Robin: Nothing good happens when they take action.
Law: Very true.
Zoro: You're not getting away, you thieving fairy! Where'd he go? Over there?! There it is! Now I'll get you! I've caught you! I'll be taking back my sword.
Wicca: Dammit! I'm in trouble! What a clutz I am! The human will see me! I have to get away before the human...
Kin'emon: Where are you, Kanjuurou! Who are you people?! I am merely an old man passing by.
Person: Don't lie. Under that hat... it's a top knot.
Kin'emon: No, this is just a hat that looks like a top knot.
Person: Then take it off.
Kin'emon: For certain reasons, I cannot do that.
Person: There's no doubt that you're the samurai, Fox Fire Kin'emon
Kin'emon: I'm telling you that you're wrong. You have the wrong person.
Person: We all saw you on Punk Hazard. Then you came back here, samurai. Isn't that right?
Kin'emon: And what if it is? Since you're pointing a gun at a samurai, you should be prepared for death.
Person: I'd stay still if I were you. That is, if you value your friend Kanjuurou's life.
Kin'emon: What?! Kanjuurou?!
Person: Remove your hand from your sword, my dear samurai.
Kin'emon: Do you people know where Kanjuurou is?
Person: Of course. But if you don't do what we say then neither you or Kanjuurou will live long.
Announcer: Now, in the arena, the participants of B-Block are coming in one after the other!
Luffy: I gotta find a good spot.  They're about to begin! Oh, I got a good view from here.
Bartolomeo: How could you do something so dirty, Mr. Marine. You guys sent a spy into this event  so you could arrest all the wanted pirates.
Maynard: What are you talking about?
Bartolomeo: You're pretty good at playing dumb. But, my precious subordinate was taken out, and I can't just let that go.
Maynard: It seems that I should silence you as well, Bartolomeo.
Bartolomeo: I'm flattered that you recognize me.
Sanji: Violet-chan.
Violet: Yes?
Sanji: Nothing, I just wanted to say your name.
Violet: Sanji-san.
Sanji: Yes?
Violet: I just wanted to say your name as well.
Assassin: Target verified.
Sanji: Violet-chwan! Dear Nami-san, Robin-chan, How is the weather over there?
Violet: I'm shocked. Just how strong are you?
Sanji: Not at all, just a sniper seventeen meters away. It was nothing.
Violet: How dependable.
Sanji: Right now, I'm in the middle of the hurricane known as love. I am now, in love. I'm with you!
Momonosuke: No! You're not supposed to drink it all! Listen! A poison tester just tastes a little to make sure that the food the Shogun is going to eat isn't poisoned. You understand?!
Chopper: Yeah.
Momonosuke: Now, do it again! Bring the tea, Chop'emon!
Chopper: I shall bring it right away, my lord.
Nami: My lord, how do you feel?
Momonosuke: This is pleasing to me.  I am very satisfied.
Nami: Is that so? That's good then.
Brook: I'm quite satisfied as well! That hurt, Nami-san. Isn't this a lap-sleeping party?
Nami: Who ever heard of a party like that?!
Chopper: Brook! We're playing Shogun.
Brook: Playing Shogun?
Chopper: Momo gets depressed whenever we leave him alone, as if he's thinking about something bad.
Brook: I bet he's just thinking of something perverted.
Chopper: That's not it! He won't tell us. He may be young, but he seems to have a wounded heart.
Brook: Is that so? So that's what was wrong. He's even pretending to be happy so we won't worry about him. How touching.
Momonosuke: Hey, Sir Bones!
Brook: Yes?
Momonosuke: Entertain me!  And make it good.
Brook: No, I only take orders from Luffy-san.
Chopper: Do it!
Brook: I understand. Then I shall sing.
Momonosuke: Very well.
Chopper: Soul King!
Brook song: No No! No no! You may bury me, you may bury me, but I'll always come back.
Everyone: Yeah!
Brook song: Vitality Corpse! Come on!
Brook: Thank you everybody.
Jora: I don't like it!
Nami: Huh... but there isn't supposed to be anyone else on the ship.
Brook: That's right. What was that sound?  How creepy!
Chopper: Scary!
Momonosuke: Onami!
Jora: I hate it!
Brook: I-It's coming from the men's quarters.
Jora: Oh it's so bad!
Brook: There really is someone there!
Chopper: Whose voice is that?
Jora: What the hell!
Brook: W-W-What's going on?
Nami: Chopper...
Momonosuke: Sir Bones...
Nami: Go see who it is.
Brook: It seems that we have no choice.
Nami: What the hell is all this!
Maynard: What's going on?!
Bartolomeo: You're so weak, it's almost not worth the trouble, Mr. Marine.
Staff: Contestant Capman, from B-Block... Are you there? And Contestant Bartolomeo? Oh you're Bartolomeo.  B-Block's about to start.
Bartolomeo: Right.
Staff: Also, do you know where Contestant Capman is?
Bartolomeo: No idea.
Cavendish: Do you mind if I watch next to you, Lucy?
Luffy: No problem.
Announcer: Now the next participant to enter, a latecomer in B-Block... In just one year, this man rose to infamy  at the speed of a comet and came to the New World! The incomparably brutal and crazy rookie! He roasted pirates on a skewer and released the video worldwide! He's also bombed innocent citizens! He's number one on the list of pirates you want to disappear! The pirate, Bartolomeo!
Bartolomeo: Go to hell, all of you!
Narrator: The gong has finally rung for the start of B-Block. As Bellamy relentlessly defeats his enemies, The nine-figure bounty rookie who rose to infamy through his cruelty... causes an uproar in the colosseum.
