Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy joined the battle royale after finding out that the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit. The first round is a last man standing battle royale. The winner of Block A was Burgess from the Blackbeard Pirates. And now Block B is about to begin.
Bellamy: I went to Sky Island, Straw Hat. I lost my crew, but my world was turned over completely.
Luffy: You better not have touched anyone up there!
Bellamy: Who knows... In any case I bear you no grudge. In order to survive the coming wave, I'm gonna ride on Doflamingo's ship. I won't laugh at you anymore.
Cavendish: Do you mind if I watch next to you, Lucy?
Luffy: No problem.
Announcer: Now the next participant to enter, a latecomer in Block B... In just one year, this man rose to infamy  at the speed of a comet and came to the New World! The incomparably brutal and crazy rookie! He roasted pirates on a skewer and released the video worldwide! He's also bombed innocent citizens! He's number one on the list of pirates you want to disappear the most! The pirate, Bartolomeo!
Bartolomeo: Go to hell, all of you!
Audience: Like hell! Get lost! Who the hell do you think you are? Get out of here! Why don't you go to hell!
Staff: Do not throw things! Please don't throw anything else!
Luffy: Why is everyone so angry?
Cavendish: Because that man entered. He's the captain of the Barto Club pirates. Bartolomeo the Cannibal.
Audience: Get out of here!
Announcer: What the hell do you think you're doing!
Audience: What's that? Is that... It's a bomb! It's too crowded!  We can't get away! Get your slow ass out of the way, old man! You're both in the way! Ladies first! Let me go ahead of you! Save me, I beg you!  I'll pay! It's about to land! It's just a ball.
Bartolomeo: You sicken me. You sicken me. You sicken me!
Dagama: You sure know how to make people hate you, little boy.
Bartolomeo: Why would I want those shits to like me?
Luffy: He's laughing.  What a weird guy.
Cavendish: Not only is he a menace, he's also infamous for that bad attitude. Unlike me, his public image is excessively bad.
Announcer: Damn that Bartolomeo, how dare he insult us! But there's one more person in Block B! He's the complete opposite of the crazed Bartolomeo! He holds King Doflamingo in high esteem! He pledged his loyalty by giving him a large golden pillar from a far off country.
Audience: It can't be...
Announcer: He has mercilessly crushed several towns who dared to call our country a barbaric pirate kingdom! He's the bullet of Dress Rosa! Now our King has given him a chance to prove himself!
Cavendish: The star of Block B is making his grand entrance.
Announcer: Should he win this competition,  he shall be rewarded... by finally becoming a commanding officer of the Donquixote Family! He's one of the prime candidates to win the tournament! The pirate, Bellamy the Hyena!
Audience: Bellamy! Bellamy! Bellamy! Bellamy!
Announcer: Now all 138 participants are assembled!
Cavendish: He is way too popular, even if this is his hometown.  How annoying!
Luffy: There sure are a lot of people. They're all going to fight each other right? Which battle should I watch?
Cavendish: It's only the first round of the battle royale. The chances of a weak guy winning is pretty much zero. You should just watch the strong ones. Do you want me to tell you who they are?
Luffy: Yes, please.
Cavendish: The Fighting King from the Prodence Kingdom, Elizabello the Second. His military strategist, Dagama. A martial artist from the Long Leg tribe, Blue Gilly. The commander of Dress Rosa's Self-Defense army, Tank Lepanto. The criminal, Abdullah. Another criminal, Jeet. A Fishman Karate master, the Fishman Karate fighter, Hack. And lastly there are the pirates, Bellamy and Bartolomeo. The winner will most likely be one of those guys.
Luffy: Could you repeat that?
Cavendish: Hey!
Announcer: Now we will begin Block B's battle royale. Die inside the ring and you're disqualified! Fall out of the ring and you're disqualified! Only one fighter will be left standing! Here's the starting... Gong!
Bellamy: So, who should I start with?
Gladiators: Bellamy!
Bellamy: Five at once straight off the bat, huh? Spring Hopper!
Audience: Amazing! He's so handsome!
Participant: Bellamy!
Bellamy: What's with those guys?  They look like a battle unit.
Audience: They're playing dirty! They've formed a team!
Bartolomeo: That isn't what a battle royale is supposed to be.
Dagama: You can insult us as much as you want after you're dead. The last one standing is the winner. Only the results matter.
Announcer: It looks like some people have teamed up in the middle of the ring!
Luffy: Is that allowed?
Cavendish: It isn't a very beautiful tactic, but there are no rules against it. The one who organized this is probably Prodence Kingdom's strategist, Dagama.
Dagama: I will definitely bring the  Mera Mera Fruit back to Prodence Kingdom. Our King, Elizabello the Second, is a living weapon of destruction. The strength of his punch  comes from his natural body. It shocked the world by blowing a hole in an enemy's fortress with a single strike. But there is a weakness. In order to release his punch he needs to concentrate and warm up for one hour. He can only use it once per battle. If it hits, his King Punch is capable of taking down one of the Four Emperors. Our victory depends on his timing. How far along are you, my King?
Elizabello: I still need more time.  I leave it to you to guard me.
Dagama: Understood. You'll receive your payment after the battle. Protect the King and take out as many people as you can.
Bellamy: The king's fist that destroyed a fortress. I've heard of it before. So they're buying time for him to throw that punch.
Participant: No way am I waiting to see that punch! We'll take him down before he can throw it! Dammit!  We're gonna fall!
Announcer: Three contestants are disqualified for falling out of the ring! And of course,  waiting outside the ring are the colosseum's famed...
Audience: Go! ...school of Little Fighting Fish! This is hell, both inside and outside the ring. There is no way to retreat! This is Corrida Colosseum!
Bellamy: Have you thought this through, Lepanto? You're the commander of Dress Rosa's army, but you're helping another country.
Lepanto: The world runs on money, Bellamy.
Bellamy: So you've been bought out.
Lepanto: Should I fight him, Dagama?
Dagama: Yeah, we should crush the strong ones before they take us out.
Lepanto: Prepare yourself, Bellamy. I'd rather make easy money, than chase an impossible dream.
Bellamy: Listening to you makes my ears hurt. As if that'll hit me! Spring... Death Knock!
Audience: Bellamy, do your best! Bellamy!
Dagama: He won't go down easily, I see.  Well, I figured as much.
Luffy: He really has gotten stronger. This is getting fun with all these guys here. He seems pretty strong.
Cavendish: I guess so. Ricky the Gladiator. No one knows where he came from.
Audience: Who do you think is gonna win? As if I'd know, it's only just started! Look at him! What's he doing?  Does he wanna die? Why isn't anyone attacking him?! Bartolomeo, if you don't wanna fight then get outta here! Just get beaten already!
Cavendish: He's doing another stupid act. Just like Straw Hat Luffy, he's one of my arrogant juniors. I need to make sure to kill him in this tournament.
Luffy: What are you doing, Cabbage?
Cavendish: I'm checking the wanted posters for the "Worst Generation". I need to keep getting new ones... because the pictures keep getting ruined by knife tears.
Luffy: Can't you just let it go? How about forgiving them?
Cavendish: I can't do that. I'll kill them all. With such a great prize for this tournament, I thought that Apoo or Kid might make an appearance, at least. Well, they might still be here somewhere. After all, they're allowed to conceal their faces like Burgess did. If they are here, then it would be easiest to wait until they win.
Chinjao: Well, well. Is this the spectator's seat?
Cavendish: You're...
Chinjao: This spot has a good view of the ring.
Luffy: So tight!
Chinjao: Oh, pardon me.
Luffy: What's with you, old man?
Chinjao: By the way, is Garp-san doing well... Straw Hat Luffy-kun?
Luffy: Do you know my grandpa?
Chinjao: I was almost killed by Garp-san once. I then decided to curse his whole family right down to his grandchildren.
Narrator: Bartolomeo finally shows his hidden ability, and shocks the entire colosseum.
