Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy joined the battle royale after finding out that the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit. The first round is a last man standing battle royale. The winner of Block A was Burgess from the Blackbeard Pirates. Now Block B's battle is underway.
Announcer: Here's the starting... Gong!
Participant: Dammit!  We're gonna fall!
Announcer: A school of Little Fighting Fish!
Chinjao: Well, well. Is this the spectator's seat?
Cavendish: You're...
Chinjao: Is Garp-san doing well... Straw Hat Luffy-kun?
Luffy: Do you know my grandpa?
Chinjao: I was almost killed by Garp-san once. I then decided to curse his whole family right down to his grandchildren. Among pirates, Garp was once considered the devil himself. No matter how many decades pass, the wound he gave me will never heal.
Cavendish: Is it true?!  You're really...
Luffy: No, no, no!  He made a mistake, I'm Lucy.
Cavendish: Don't you know what your own name is?
Chinjao: I'm going to take my revenge on you since you're his grandson.
Luffy: Take revenge on my grandpa!
Cavendish: There!  You are Garp's grandson aren't you?!
Luffy: No, I'm not.
Cavendish: If you really are Straw Hat Luffy, then I'll cut you down where you stand!
Chinjao: If I had found out about Garp's son, Dragon, sooner... then you would've never had a chance to be born.
Participant: What's going on? Don Chinjao has gone crazy. That's dangerous.
Luffy: Just wait a minute, old man.
Cavendish: Take off that beard!
Luffy: Stop it, I don't wanna! Let go, let me go!
Participant: This is terrible!  Are they gonna start fighting here?! I don't know how much age has weakened him... but his bounty was over 500 million in his prime!
Luffy: I'm Lu-
Cavendish: Damn you, Don Chinjao!  Don't get in my way! He's my prey!
Participant: Cavendish has drawn his sword! That's one of the famous named swords, Durandal!
Chinjao: Have at you!  Arms-Head!
Cavendish: Beautiful Sword! Blue Bird!
Participant: He stabbed him through the head! No he didn't! They're evenly matched!
Cavendish: Durandal can't pierce him!
Participant: A head that can withstand a sword-thrust... The power to hold back a giant... They're both monsters!
Cavendish: It appears that I'll have to use all my strength to defeat him.
Luffy: Damn you! I told you to stop it!
Participant: He smashed Chinjao into the ground! Who is that bearded runt?!
Chinjao: My, my.
Participant: He's completely unharmed! Is that legend really true, then?! He split a continent of ice apart with a headbutt! A continent of ice?!
Luffy: That didn't do anything... even though I hit him pretty hard.
Chinjao: You're both fairly strong, I give you that, but you still lack training!
Cavendish: He's right.  With that strength, you must be Straw Hat.
Luffy: What's with you?  Just drop it already!
Cavendish: You steal people's fame. You're the grandson of a demon. You seem to attract grudges like a magnet.
Luffy: Neither of those things are my fault... ...because I'm Lucy.
Chinjao: If you get in my way then I'll bury you both, young knight!
Sai: Hold on, old man!  Stop that!
Boo: If you cause a ruckus in here then you'll be disqualified!
Participant: It's Sai and Boo from the Flower Kingdom.
Chinjao: Let go of me, my cute grandchildren!
Sai: No!  I don't know why you're doing this, but you have to stop!
Chinjao: I finally found one of the hated descendants of Garp!
Boo: If we get disqualified here, we won't be able to accomplish our objective in the tournament, gramps.
Staff: What are you people doing over here?! If you're fighting before the match starts, then you'll have to leave!
Cavendish: The staff is here. I don't care if I'm disqualified, I'm going to... Where'd he disappear to?!
Sai: Old man, that fake bearded brat is in the same block as us!
Boo: If you wanna kill him, then do it during the match.
Cavendish: I won't let you get away, Straw Hat! I'll still take your life before the match starts!
Participant: This is quite a mess. What was that fight all about?
Staff: I heard someone say, "Straw Hat". They must mean the pirate, Straw Hat Luffy. Is he participating? No way.
Luffy: This is troublesome. I promised Franky that I wouldn't let my cover get blown.
Announcer: There are only about seventy contenders left in the ring! Half of them have already been eliminated! It's really gonna heat up from now on! The Fishman Karate user, Hack, has taken out his seventeenth opponent.
Participant: You're just a filthy Fishman. What are you doing in a human tournament, you monster? Why don't you say something? Huh, fishy!
Hack: How pitiful.
Participant: Huh?  I couldn't hear you.
Hack: You're just a parrot that repeats other people's words. Let us speak with our fists instead!
Participant: Then I'll do just that. I'll crush that fist you're so proud of! What?  It's not moving!
Hack: Four Thousand Brick Punch!
Announcer: Hack is amazing!  Now he has beaten eighteen opponents!
Hack: Just like my friend Jinbe, who has brought my people hope, I seek to form new friendships through battle. Thus I will continue to fight.
Audience: Amazing!  So that's the famous Fishman Karate?
Announcer: Close on his heels, in second place... is the mysterious gladiator who appeared out of nowhere, Ricky! He's the man to keep your eye on during Block B! Ouch, he's taken out sixteen men!
Participant: Hey, there's an unknown gladiator here. What are you babbling about in the middle of our fight? Over there, that's him. He's unusually strong, do you know who he is? I've been a gladiator here for a long time, but I've never seen that guy before. Gladiators at this colosseum are trained to fight with a sword and shield, but he's only using a sword! He doesn't look like a samurai from the Wano Kingdom, either. Let's test his skills. Okay!
Ricky: Too slow.
Announcer: This makes Ricky even with Hack!
Audience: Did you just see that gladiator with the cape? Yeah. He's so strong, but I've never seen him before. Yeah, about that... He seems familiar to me, somehow. Someone who doesn't use a shield and fights like that. What was his name?
Participant: Abdullah! Prepare yourself! Jeet!
Jeet: Your back is wide open.
Participant: How cheap!
Announcer: What the... Jeet and Abdullah's evil combination took out ten people in an instant!
Jeet: Cheap...
Abdullah: It has a nice ring to it.
Deet: Let's take him out next.
Abdullah: Okay. That guy who defected to Elizabello's side. Bring it on.
Announcer: Blue Gilly is closing in on Elizabello the Second's group!
Participant: Ouch!  Damn that bastard!
Dagama: What are you doing? He's just an unarmed stick man!
Participant: I-It doesn't matter if he's unarmed... or a stick man! That leg is like a steel whip.
Gilly: Why don't you guys come a bit closer. It's boring when you're all so far away.
Dagama: He's a member of the Long Leg tribe! So just aim for his legs!
Participant: It's impossible, we can't get close enough. With those movements we can't tell where he's going to attack. Damn it. I don't care anymore!
Announcer: How powerful! Blue Gilly's kick once again decimates his opponents!
Gilly: If his soldiers are this weak, the king is in serious danger. Now here's a real opponent!
Announcer: And now Abdullah and Tank are facing off!
Tank: What...
Announcer: Oh my! Tank has been defeated! Dress Rosa's commander of defense, Tank Lepanto, has been eliminated! He fell to the evil Abdullah and Jeet!
Audience: They keep using dirty tricks! Commander Tank!
Announcer: Over one hundred people have been eliminated. Only thirty people remain in the ring!
Dagama: Just a little longer... It doesn't matter how strong the remaining fighters are, we have the King Punch!
Announcer: The combatants led by the strategist Dagama  continue to protect Elizabello the Second! When will his special attack, the King Punch, be released?!
Abdullah: Who's next?
Jeet: Anyone who wants to see their own blood can come over here. The evil combination of Abdullah and Jeet, who defeated the powerful Lepanto, are taunting for their next opponent.
Audience: Bellamy! Bellamy-sama!
Announcer: Cruel... Evil... This man is the very definition of those words! Will he be the one to eliminate Elizabello the Second? And over here, the martial artist Blue Gilly  and the unknown gladiator Ricky are fighting it out!
Audience: That Fishman is really strong. He's been taking everyone out with one hit! So cool! This is so exciting.
Announcer: The winner of Block B will almost certainly be one of these men!
Audience: Make him stop!
Announcer: Unbelievable! Just how far will Bartolomeo go to insult us?!
Audience: Why won't anyone eliminate him?
Announcer: Oh my! In front of everyone, he's unzipped and started to take a piss! No one has ever done such a thing in this colosseum!
Bartolomo: This feels so good!
Announcer: Someone please stop this guy! Here comes someone!
Hack: Some of us wish for a serious tournament, child. I will be attacking you from behind. I apologize.
Bartolomo: Hey wait, would you attack a defenseless man?
Announcer: The hero, Hack, the Fishman fighter has appeared!
Hack: Four Thousand Brick...
Audience: Go! Take him out, Hack!
Hack: Punch!
Audience: He did it!
Bartolomo: Just joking!
Audience: What did he do?! Hack was the one who collapsed?!
Announcer: Just what is going on?
Luffy: What was that just now?
Announcer: Just what are you, Bartolomeo?!
Narrator: Elizabello the Second finishes his warm up for the punch that destroyed an enemy fortress. As Block B nears its end, the king's legendary strike  is released on the remaining survivors.
