Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy joined the battle royale after finding out that the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit. The first round is a last man standing battle royale. The winner of Block A was Burgess from the Blackbeard Pirates. Now Block B's battle is underway.
Announcer: The combatants led by the strategist Dagama  continue to protect Elizabello the Second! When will his special attack, the King Punch, be released?!
Audience: Bellamy! Cruel... Evil... This man is the very definition of those words! Will he be the one to eliminate Elizabello the Second? And over here, the martial artist Blue Gilly and the unknown gladiator Ricky are fighting it out!
Hack: Four Thousand Brick... Punch!
Bartolomeo: Just joking!
Announcer: What did he do?! Hack was the one who collapsed?!
Luffy: What was that just now?
Announcer: J-Just what are you, Bartolomeo?! Hack has been defeated! He fell without being able to lay a single finger on his opponent! Just what did Bartolomeo do?! Damn it! I was rooting for Hack, and that Chicken Head...
Assistant: Gatz-san, you have to judge impartially! Calm down!
Announcer: It's impossible to guess who will win! Twenty four combatants remain in Block B!
Bartolomeo: I'm gonna have to end it soon.
Bellamy: That guy is way too confident.
Dagama: Our enemies have all been badly injured! It's almost time...
Announcer: Now, even the stronger combatants are being eliminated one after the other! After Hack, the unknown gladiator Ricky has been knocked out! Blue Gilly is strong!
Audience: Ahh, Blue Gilly-sama you're amazing!
Gilly: Just what were you trying to accomplish with that dulled sword, old man?
Ricky: Old age is an opponent that I cannot defeat... I can't stand all this cheering. Doflamingo, I can't stand you!
Participant: Thanks to Dagama's plan, most of the combatants have been eliminated. Yeah, almost everyone who didn't join us has been knocked out. We were able to last this long. Teaming up was a good plan. Yeah. Once Dagama gives the signal, this formation is over. It's every man for himself after that. Until then, we should work together and take out as many as possible. I know. Blue Gilly! He's here!
Dagama: You guys, gang up on him and take him out!
Participant: Dagama?!
Dagama: Good work... obedient little dogs.
Participant: Why? Hey, what happened to the signal?! Don't tell me... Dagama! You guys...
Gilly: Sorry, I was given the dog-hunter job.
Participant: You guys were working together?! Were you planning to take us out from the very beginning?!
Dagama: You'll still get your reward after this. Your part here is over.
Participant: Dagama!
Dagama: A warrior who can't use his head is just a pawn on the battlefield. I'm counting on you, long leg man. And once you turn your back to me then you're dead as well, Blue Gilly. The Mera Mera Fruit will be awarded to our Prodence Kingdom. What?! You betrayed me, Blue Gilly!
Announcer: The Strategist Dagama has just been knocked out!
Audience: Way to go, long leg guy! Blue Gilly-sama! I don't understand how anyone could trust a shady guy like you.
Announcer: And on the other side...
Audience: Go, Bellamy! Take him out!
Announcer: Our Bellamy has just launched his attack! The target is the pirate who you want to disappear the most... Bartolomeo!
Bartolomeo: Huh, me?!
Bellamy: Get lost already!
Announcer: Bellamy, the one who attacked, was the one who got hurt?! Just what did Bartolomeo do?!
Audience: Just like Hack, Bellamy took damage from his own attack. What did he do?
Bellamy: Just what did he do? You've gotta be kidding me! I can't afford to be beaten here!
Audience: Go, Bellamy!
Bellamy: Spring... Death Knock!
Announcer: W-What's this?! Our beloved Bellamy is on the brink of defeat!
Bellamy: What kind of power does this guy have?!
Audience: Go for it, Bellamy!
Luffy: Bellamy...
Bellamy: I'm not interested in the Mera Mera Fruit, but I have a reason to win. In order to survive the coming wave, I'm gonna ride on Doflamingo's ship. I won't laugh at you anymore.
Luffy: Hey Bellamy, you can do it!
Gilly: So what are you gonna do, Elizabello? There's nothing more helpless than a king without guards. Everyone here wants to take your head. Even the guys who were acting as your shield. They're all coming after you. What's wrong? Too scared to move? I guess without Dagama...
Elizabello: Dagama did a good job. The time has come. All that's left is to unleash it. The formation was actually protecting you from me. There's nothing more dangerous than a sword once it's out of its scabbard. Am I wrong, young brat?!
Audience: You know, something's been bothering me. What's that? The Prodence Kingdom's King was in the news. He destroyed an enemy kingdom's fortress with a single punch. No way, he probably used some kind of weapon. No, it's said to be powerful enough to sink one of the Four Emperors. If that's true, then the seats that are in front of him are gonna be completely destroyed. No way, there's no way that can be true. But I've heard the same thing on the news, as well. There's no way he'd use something so dangerous here, right?
Announcer: There's an unsettling feeling in the air. The king that was protected by the formation has begun his attack!
Elizabello: Our Prodence Kingdom will take the Mera Mera Fruit.
Franky: Hey... Hey, are you listening to me? What do you want to talk about? I just told you that I'm here to destroy the Smile factory-
Soldier: Stop!
Franky: What is it? I'm busy. There are things I need to do. Sorry, but I don't have time to play around with you. If you've got nothing to say, then I'm leaving. See ya.
Soldier: You... You've been saying some rather dangerous things. But why are you trying to do all that? You seem to know a lot of things that a normal person shouldn't know anything about. Just what is your true objective?
Franky: N-Now that you mention it... What's this?
Participant: Dammit!
Audience: Are we in danger? You've gotta be kidding me! Hey, this isn't good! R-Run!
Announcer: So that event was true after all?!
Bartolomeo: You're so damn persistent! What's with you?  Let me go!
Bellamy: As if I'd let go. Don't underestimate the power of...
Elizabello: King...
Participant: Take Elizabello out!
Gilly: Out of the way! Shooting...
Elizabello: Punch!
Citizen: What on earth is going on in the colosseum?
Announcer: Wh- What amazing power! It's impossible for anyone to have survived that! Elizabello the Second has defeated everyone with a single punch!
Audience: Awesome!
Luffy: What a punch! I've never seen one like it.
Announcer: Bellamy, Blue Gilly, and all the other participants have been eliminated! The winner of Block B's 138 participants is the man from Prodence Kingdom-
Audience: Hey look!  There's someone over there. Look over there! The reason the spectator seats weren't destroyed was because he blocked it.
Bartolomeo: Barrier! By crossing your fingers, you can put up a barrier. Even a kid knows that. Bari: short for Barrier I'm a Barrier man who ate the Bari Bari Fruit. Barrier Crush!
Announcer: The Fighting King, Elizabello the Second, can no longer fight. The winner of Block B is... Goddammit! Bartolomeo!
Bartolomeo: You can all go to hell!
Audience: Damn you!
Luffy: What, that weird guy won?
Bartolomeo: I will definitely win the Mera Mera Fruit  and give it to him!
Franky: Then you're...
Soldier: Quiet down!
Franky: You're trying to destroy the factory, as well?
Soldier: Indeed. I've been preparing alongside my comrades.
Franky: Tell me where it is. I'll destroy it instantly.
Soldier: You cannot.
Franky: Why not?
Soldier: We want to save the people working in that factory.
Franky: The ones working in the factory?
Soldier: Yes. That is the first stage in our plan to destroy this country. If you have the resolve and bravery to stand against Doflamingo... then I'll tell you everything about this tragic country, Dress Rosa.
Narrator: Law's group begins to cross the mysterious steel bridge in order to release Caesar, but it's more dangerous than they ever could have imagined. Just when they're at their wit's end, Law attempts a plan to turn things around.
