Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy joined the battle royale after finding out that the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit. The winner of Block A was Burgess from the Blackbeard Pirates. Now Block B's battle is underway. On the other side, with Law's group...
Usopp: Hey Traf, you gotta change the exchange location!
Law: I won't change it. We've come too far for you to start complaining. What worries me more is the current state of this country. The king just renounced his throne,  so why are things so peaceful here? I knew there'd be complications, but I didn't expect them so soon.
Usopp: Now I'm worried too!
Elizabello: King... Punch!
Bartolomeo: Barrier! I'm a Barrier man who ate the Bari Bari Fruit. Barrier Crush!
Announcer: The winner of Block B is... Goddammit! Bartolomeo! What a turn of events! As you can see, Block B has ended with Bartolomeo as the winner!
Luffy: So that weird guy won in the end. Now then... That big old guy and Cabbage seem to have disappeared. Now's my chance.
Staff: Move, move! You're in the way!
Luffy: Bellamy?
Bellamy: You...
Luffy: Bellamy.
Bellamy: Why were you cheering for me? I'm so pathetic. I haven't changed a bit.
Luffy: You've changed, Bellamy.
Bellamy: You're the one who's changed. With that enormously powerful Haki. It pisses me off. My pride has been left in tatters... Straw Hat!
Bartolomeo: S-St-Str-Straw- Straw Hat?!
Usopp: Amazing. This bridge seems really sturdy.
Caesar: I'm sure we'll be safe even if those Fighting Fish do come, won't we?
Usopp: I hope so.
Law: They're coming.
Robin: Who are?
Usopp: Wait, no it can't be! What's that sound?!
Caesar: Hey!  Look at that!
Usopp: They're here!
Usopp/Caesar: It's... It's huge!
Robin: From their name, I thought they would actually be fish.
Law: They are fish.
Usopp: That thing does not qualify as just a fish! It's a sea monster, a beast! It's coming back!
Robin: And it's not alone.
Usopp: It's a whole swarm of them!
Robin: This bridge was strengthened when they showed up, right?
Usopp: S-So it should hold, right? The steel is useless!
Robin: Will we be able to make it to Green Bit?
Law: No problem. You guys will take care of them.
Usopp: Why don't you?  You're the Warlord!
Law: No.  I can't fight right now. Here they come!
Ussop: Sure-Kill Green S-
Robin: They're coming from both sides at once.
Usopp: We're gonna be crushed!
Robin: Mil Fleur! Gigantesco Mano! Spank!
Usopp: Skull Bombgrass!
Law: Well done.
Usopp: Don't overestimate me! How many of those things do you think there are? It's an entire school! We've gotta run! There's way too many for us to fight them off! Skull Bombgrass!
Law: Noser, take off Caesar's cuffs. He'll have to fight as well.
Usopp: What are you talking about? He'll just fly away if I do that!
Law: No, I don't think he will.
Caesar: Wait!  That... is my heart! You will die a horrible death someday! The nerve of treating a genius scientist like this! Gastille!
Usopp: So powerful! As expected from a criminal worth 300 million.
Caesar: Gastille!
Law: Keep running!
Usopp: Why aren't you fighting?!
Caesar: Yeah, don't make me do all the work!
Law: My ability drains me when I use it... and I have to be at my best on the way back. Do you understand?! I'm trying to save as much power as possible. This is Doflamingo we're dealing with!
Caesar: Law is serious about fighting Joker.
Usopp: Oh crap, what are we gonna do?! The bridge is broken! And I can't even see the other island through this fog!
Law: A Fighting Fish is coming straight at us.
Usopp: Dammit, we can't take any more of this!
Law: Roo-
Robin: It stopped.
Fairies: We caught it!  We caught it! Okay, pull. We have a big battle today... and a Fighting Fish stew will give us strength.
Robin: Who's there?
Law: Probably the island's residents.
Usopp: Isn't it supposed to be a deserted island? Hey, who's talking over there?! We're trying to get across the bridge!
Fairies: Oh no, humans! Hurry, run!
Robin: What was all that?
Law: Worry about it later.  We need to move.
Caesar: You guys, enough is enough!
Law: Caesar! Fly us to the island.
Caesar: Huh?! Law you bastard, I'll remember this.
Usopp: Wow, what a view, this is great.
Robin: We should've done this from the start.
Usopp: Yeah we should have.
Caesar: Screw you all! Do you have any idea how much gas energy it takes to make us float?! I'm an important hostage!
Law: The trail from the fish ends here.
Robin: It doesn't look like anyone's here yet.
Law: I wonder what that was all about.
Robin: These waters have been ravaged by the Fighting Fish. There are shipwrecks everywhere.
Usopp: What is that? What is this place?! It's a completely overgrown forest!
Announcer: Block C will begin as soon as the ring is repaired! Could the participants please assemble at the entrance gate!
Luffy: It's about time.
Announcer: I repeat, could all Block C participants assemble at the entrance gate!
Luffy: Here I go!
Announcer: And now, I will introduce the participants you should keep an eye on. He is the two time champion of the New World Central Fighting Tournament! Destructive Cannon Ideo! The violent assassins that go after pirates worth over 100 million! The Funk Brothers! A participant from the giant country Elbaf! The strongest pirate mercenary! Hairudin! There's more! Once he has a target, he'll do anything to take them down! Jean the Bandit! Who can stop this bull?! The Death God of the colosseum! Brutal Bull! Today's likely winner! The Gang from the Flower Kingdom! Sai, Boo... And the legendary former pirate, Don Chinjao!
Chinjao: Straw Hat!
Announcer: There are many other powerful people participating today! This is really getting interesting! Block C's battle will be a fierce one! Get ready for it!
Narrator: Now we will turn back time a bit. This is the neighboring town in Dress Rosa.
Sanji: What's wrong?
Violet: I can't do it. Let's turn back now. Sanji-san, there has to be something wrong with me to have asked this of you. I'm a monster. To ask you to kill someone, how horrible I am. No matter how strong you are, I am using you. Please, just leave me. Don't involve yourself with me, anymore. I don't want you to die because of me.
Sanji: That man is inside the warehouse, right? Violet-chan, I'll be back.
Violet: You won't ask me for a reason?
Sanji: Reason?
Violet: The reason I want to kill him.
Sanji: I don't need a reason. Those tears are enough.
Violet: Sanji-san.
Sanji: Wait here for me. I'll end it all. I'm your bodyguard.
Person: What's that? Who is it?!
Sanji: Finish your last cigarette. I'll let you have that much time.
Person: Who are you?
Sanji: So you're the piece of shit that made Violet-chan cry?
Person: Hmm, did that woman send you?
Sanji: I feel sorry for Violet-chan. To have been deceived by these scum.
Person: What did you say! Don't screw with me! You guys! Kill this son of a bitch!
Sanji: You small fry should stay out of it!
Smallfry: What did you say? Kill him!
Sanji: Oeil! Flanchet! Joue! Poitrine! Party Table Kick Course! Like I said, you small fry should have stayed out of this. Violet-chan!
Violet: Sanji-san!
Person: Damn you!
Sanji: Get those dirty hands off her!
Person: Shut up! If you want this woman to stay alive then you better not mo- D-Dammit! Where'd he go?!
Sanji: Hey. I won't forgive anyone who makes a woman cry! Diable Jambe! Amour Shot! No one can stop our love.
Violet: Sanji-san!  I was so scared!
Sanji: Are you hurt anywhere, Violet-chan?
Violet: No, thank you.
Sanji: I'm glad.
Violet: Sanji-san... I have a request.
Sanji: What is it? All it takes is one word from you, and I'll do anything!
Violet: Is that so? Then... Will you die for me, Black Leg Sanji?
Sanji: W-What are you s-saying... Violet-chan?
Violet: You're such a fool.
Narrator: As Sanji is shocked by Violet's true colors, Usopp and Robin leave Law to explore the depths of Green Bit. As the pair move through the mysterious forest that is overgrown with large plants, they stumble on the forbidden secret of the Fairy Legend in Dress Rosa.
