Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy joined the battle royale after finding out that the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit. Meanwhile, Sanji, who has fallen in love with Violet, invaded an enemy base at her request, but...
Violet: I have a request. Will you die for me, Black Leg Sanji?
Sanji: W-What are you s-saying... Violet-chan?
Violet: You're such a fool.
Narrator: As for Usopp's group, who went to Green Bit to hand over Caesar...
Robin: It stopped.
Fairy: We caught it!  We caught it! Okay, pull.
Usopp: It's a completely overgrown forest! T-This is Green Bit?! What's with these giant plants?!
Caesar: Hey!  Joker, it's me! Come get me!
Law: Don't make a fuss. We're going to meet over there, on the southeast beach. We will drop you off there at three o'clock. He'll be here soon.
Usopp: Look over there! Isn't that a Navy warship? It's all the way onto the island! There's no way it just ran aground! How did it end up like that?!
Robin: The damage to the plants is still fresh. The ship must have arrived recently. Also, the body of the ship hasn't taken much damage.
Usopp: So it was able to get past that school of Fighting Fish?
Robin: It's only a matter of time before more marines arrive.
Caesar: Do they know about our exchange?! I didn't expect that!
Usopp: Keep your voice down, you idiot scientist!
Caesar: Hey, I have a bounty on my head. Now that my boss, Joker, has left the Seven Warlords... nothing protects me from the law anymore. If you leave me handcuffed on an island swarming with marines then I'll...
Usopp: I told you to keep it down.
Caesar: Wait.  Right now, Joker is just another pirate. Either way, I'm dead! This is hell!
Usopp: Give it a rest you idiot! If we get caught now, then we're all in trouble!
Robin: Why would the Navy be here? You've got a sly look in your eye.
Law: Just a coincidence. How would I even call the Navy here? By the way, I plan on heading to Green Bit. I wonder if the Straw Hat Crew  is too much for me to handle?
Caesar: Making the exchange here is a terrible idea! Abort this mission!
Law: In the Navy's eyes, I'm an enemy as well. I teamed up with the Straw Hat Crew.
Caesar: You better not be setting me up!
Law: There's fifteen minutes to go. I'm counting on your sniping and surveillance to cover me. We don't know what's lying in wait for us. I want you guys to check out the forest. If you find anything let me know right away.
Robin: Understood.
Usopp: Just wait a second! We didn't plan on the Navy being here! R-Robin! This forest looks dangerous, so slow down. Don't wander too far away from me!
Robin: You always inspire confidence, Usopp.
Usopp: Keep your voice down! Please don't leave me behind! Let's move a bit slower. Don't just stop, Robin.
Marine: Who's out there?! Are you the Straw Hat Crew?!
Usopp: No!  They spotted us!
Marine: Where are you? Where are you hiding?! Just come with us quietly! We know that you're on this island! Dammit, come on out, Straw Hat Crew!
Leo: You're mistaken. I'm Leo.
Marine: Who's that? Where are you?
Usopp: It's the Navy. Who are they talking to?
Robin: It seems that they know that we are on this island.
Leo: Are you good guys or bad guys?
Marine: We are marines that protect the citizens.  Of course we're good people!
Leo: Then give me your weapons.
Marine: We can't hand over our weapons. We need them for our mission. Just what are you?! Show yourself!
Leo: So that's your answer.
Marine: Where are they? Hey where's your cloak? Where's my gun?! Huh! What's going on?! My hat!
Usopp: What's going on? They're too fast for me to see.
Marine: What's with this forest? Dammit, we've been stripped!
Fairy: Have you learned your lesson, evil big people?!
Robin: Mil Fleur! Campo De Flores! I caught one!
Usopp: What is it?
Robin: I think it's a dwarf!
Kabu: Save me!
Fairy: Kabu-san!
Fairies: He's in trouble!
Kabu: Release me!
Robin: As I thought.
Kabu: They found me!
Wicca: It's right, go to the right! Why did you go left?!
Zoro: Shut up. Quit yapping, you're distracting me.
Citizen: What's with him?
Child: Mama, that man's talking to himself.
Mother: Don't look him in the eyes.
Zoro: I'm in a hurry.
Wicca: I'm the one that's in a hurry. If I don't make it in time, then it's all your fault! Get to the flower hill as fast as you can!
Zoro: I get it, so shut up! I'll be taking back my sword.
Wicca: Dammit! I'm in trouble! What a klutz I am! The human will see me! I have to get away before the human... I apologize.
Zoro: What the hell are you?!
Wicca: I'm such a klutz! A klutz and an idiot and a blockhead! I knew I'd get caught one day!
Zoro: So this is what the fairies look like... Or are you a toy?
Wicca: I'm not a toy. I'm Wicca of the Tontatta clan. Please don't tell anyone that you saw me. Please!
Zoro: I have no idea what's going on.
Wicca: I don't have time for this!
Zoro: It's not like I was planning on eating you. Tell me what's happening.
Wicca: I-I can't. I can't tell that to a big person. Forgive me. I'm going...
Zoro: What is it now?!
Wicca: I can't walk. I twisted my ankle earlier! I'm such a klutz! A klutz, a klutz, a klutz!
Zoro: How are you so strong? You're shattering the ground!
Wicca: Please, take me to the captain! It's your fault that I'm in this position in the first place.
Zoro: You're the one who stole my sword!
Wicca: Stole? What are you talking about?! We manage the greenery of this island. The big people call us fairies and give us stuff.
Zoro: Give you? No, you steal things!
Wicca: We're getting distracted again! We need to hurry. I'm part of the reconnaissance team. I have to report the location of the Donquixote family to the captain! This is our chance! I just confirmed that they went to attack the Straw Hat's ship!
Zoro: What?!
Wicca: We need to hurry. I'm part of the reconnaissance team. I have to report the location of the Donquixote family to the captain! This is our chance! I just confirmed that they went to attack the Straw Hat's ship!
Zoro: What?!
Wicca: I'm a klutz, I keep telling him everything!
Zoro: Hey, is what you said true?! I'm part of the Straw Hat Crew! A klutz, I'm a klutz! I'm a klutz, a klutz and a blockhead! Geez... Quit wrecking stuff! Calm down, fairy! Is it true that the Donquixote family went to attack the Sunny?
Wicca: That's a secret. But I saw them with my own eyes. I told him our secrets again.
Zoro: I don't have a Snail Phone, so I've got no way to contact the others. Out of all of us, for that group to be targeted... Alright, I'm going back to the Sunny.
Wicca: Wait, take me to the flower hill first. Then I'll lead you to the coast.
Zoro: Like I care, I'm heading to the coast right now!
Wicca: But... You're going in the opposite direction! You don't know how to get there, do you?
Zoro: So Doflamingo's crew members have been tracking us from the start?
Wicca: That's right. And we were tracking them.
Zoro: Do you guys have a grudge against Doflamingo as well?
Wicca: Yes. That's a secret!
Zoro: Dammit, then the ship isn't the only thing in danger. We all are. Hey, how far away is this flower hill?
Wicca: Just climb those stairs. I told you to climb the stairs! Are you a blockhead?
Zoro: Shut up!
Chinjao: Where are you hiding, you coward?
Gladiator: Hey, that's Don Chinjao. You've gotta be joking...
Chinjao: I can't wait to hear the gong that starts the match.
Gladiator: Hey, he looks dangerous!
Chinjao: Garp's grandson, that sound will be the last thing you hear!
Gladiator: This is dangerous!
Chinjao: Prepare yourself!
Sai: Calm down old man, if you go crazy outside the ring then you'll be disqualified!
Boo: Don't forget our purpose here, Gramps.  Let's go.
Chinjao: Alright...
Gladiator: W-We're saved.
Luffy: What an annoying old man!
Violet: Everything is laid bare before me. I saw right through you the moment we met. I heard you were weak against women, but I didn't know it was this bad! How pathetic! Your collar is wrinkled, your tie is crooked... and your shirt is covered in blood. You are a complete mess. What a useless man you are, Black Leg Sanji. Did you think someone like you could steal my heart? How hilarious.
Grunt: He fell for Sis's sex appeal, what an idiot. You didn't even realize this was a trap, you fool.
Sanji: You're lying, Violet-chan.
Grunt: Are you still living in a dream? Everything you saw before was part of Sis's act!
Sanji: Despite all this, you have a beautiful heart.
Violet: You still talk like that after everything that's happened?
Grunt: Stand up.
Sanji: You must have been blackmailed into this by some bad guys. You really don't want to be here.
Violet: How long do you plan to keep playing the gentleman? Ridiculous!
Grunt: How cruel, but she's so beautiful! It's the ultimate kick!
Violet: You are suppressing your rage toward me  while waiting for a chance to escape. Did you think I would fall for such an obvious trick? Lies don't work on me. Girogiro: Glare I ate the Giro Giro Fruit, I'm an insight human. A woman who can see everything. Men are all liars. Lets take a look at the lies that fill your head. Why did Trafalgar Law and Straw Hat team up? Why are you here on Dress Rosa instead of Green Bit? What are you doing? And what are you planning to do? You don't have to talk. The answers are all inside your head. Now we can take out all your friends in one sweep.
Grunt: Here it is, that pose! It's Sis's power!
Violet: Peeping Mind!
Grunt: W-What's wrong?! Big Sis?!
Violet: H-How filthy!
Grunt: Filthy?
Violet: I've never seen a mind so obsessed with pink. What happened to your plan?  What about your objective? What else could you be thinking about in this situation?!
Sanji: You. I was thinking about your eyes. There's someone I want you to kill for me. They were telling the truth. I don't care if a million other men would hate you... I will never distrust a woman's tears!
Narrator: While Sanji's passion begins to change his disastrous situation, Robin and Usopp are captured and they find out the truth behind the fairies. When they're taken away they see a strange world filled with small dwarfs.
Luffy: Next time, on One Piece: An Unknown World The Tontatta Kingdom I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
