Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy joined the battle royale after finding out that the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit. Meanwhile, after Robin and Usopp arrived on Green Bit where they're set to release Caesar to Doflamingo, they encountered a band of dwarves in the forest.
Robin: Mil Fleur!  Campo De Flores! I caught one!
Usopp: What is it?
Robin: I think it's a dwarf!
Narrator: Elsewhere, Violet requested that Sanji invade an enemy base... but it was a trap and he was captured.
Violet: What a useless man you are, Black Leg Sanji. Did you think someone like you could steal my heart? How hilarious.
Sanji: You're lying, Violet-chan. You. I was thinking about your eyes.  They were telling the truth. I don't care if a million other men would hate you... I will never distrust a woman's tears!
Grunt: You'd never distrust a woman's tears?! What are you babbling about? Have you been driven crazy by your fear of death? Take a long look at what's really happening. You fell hook, line, and sinker for Big Sis's act. You half dead piece of shit. Big Sis, we don't need this perverted bastard anymore. Let's finish him off. We've got Big Sis's permission. A bounty worth 77 million... Black Leg Sanji of the Straw Hat Crew, your head is ours!
Violet: Hierro Lágrima!
Grunt: Wait, Big Sis!  What are you doing?!
Violet: Eye Whale!
Grunt: Save me!
Sanji: Violet-chan?
Violet: Eye Whale!
Sanji: Violet-chan, I knew you'd been forced to work for Doflamingo.
Violet: Please run, Black Leg.
Sanji: Violet-chan, what about you?!
Violet: I'll be fine.
Sanji: Why?!
Violet: We are completely aware of all your actions. You really are a fool to trust me... your enemy. Thank you for what you said. It made me truly happy.
Sanji: I don't understand your reasons, but you don't want to be on Doflamingo's side right?! We've come this far, just come with us on our ship and leave this island.
Violet: Look at me, Black Leg. The second that you brought Caesar to this island, you all fell into his trap.
Sanji: Trap?
Violet: Yes. Look inside my head.
Sanji: Look... but how?
Violet: This is my memory of Dress Rosa from this morning.
Sanji: What is the meaning of this?! I don't believe this!
Announcer: So then, Block A was won by Burgess, and Block B's winner was Bartolomeo. And now, Block C's battle is about to begin! Who will win this round? All the participants are preparing themselves!
Luffy: Alright, it's finally my turn. What's that? A bull?! Are you participating as well? How funny!  You're pretty pumped up, aren't you?
Participant: Hey who's forcing his way through?! Stop pushing me, you idiot! It wasn't me, you shit!
Chinjao: Why won't the fight just start already?!
Kelly: Hey, watch your step you old crock!
Sai: What did you say?!
Boo: Try saying that again!
Kelly: I said that old guy of yours is a crock!
Bobby: Let's just calm down a little.
Chinjao: Why don't you just leave it at that, little boy. You'll get to see my clan's strength once the battle begins.
Kelly: What's that?! Don't underestimate the Funk Brothers!
Announcer: Sorry for keeping you all waiting! The time has finally come for Block C's participants... ...to enter the ring! The participants are entering one after the other. Just like Block B, Block C is full of powerful people! The battle will begin soon! Who will get their hands on Portgas D. Ace's Mera Mera Fruit?!
Soldier: I will stay by your side until you find happiness!
Rebecca: A dream?
Girl: Wait up, mister monkey! I caught you!
Franky: Again, what is this flower hill and why should I care?!
Soldier: Shut up and run, I'll tell you when we get there! Don't let the police see us.
Franky: You're a soldier, aren't you? Don't be scared of the police!
Rebecca: Soldier-san... Soldier-san!
Franky: Who's that? Do you know her?
Soldier: Rebecca. I saw the list in the colosseum. So you really entered the competition. I tried to stop you!
Rebecca: I'm... I'm gonna do it! I'll win, Soldier-san! And then... And then... we can live together!
Soldier: A warrior cannot win the tournament if they cry so easily! Hey, keep moving.
Franky: Are you sure?
Soldier: Yes. Now hurry!
Franky: Are you really sure about leaving her? She was crying!
Soldier: That's why we must hurry! Even toys have something they want to protect! Although these tin eyes of mine cannot shed tears.
Usopp: Hey Robin, what's up? Didn't you just say something about dwarves?
Robin: Yes, right here.
Usopp: This is no time to be making jokes. Anyway, there's nobody else around, right? We're safe, right?
Robin: Are you the one that stripped the marines?
Fairy: This is bad, we need to do something.
Usopp: Dwarves don't even exist- It's a dwarf!
Robin: His friends are probably still in the area.
Usopp: What?!
Robin: I heard a voice just a second ago.
Leo: Anesthetic Flower!
Usopp: Wh-What is this smoke?! Hey!  Are you okay, Ro... So tired.
Robin: Usopp.
Kabu: You'll soon be asleep as well.
Leo: What should we do with them?
Kabu: Since they have seen us, we must kill them. What's in her bag? A book, some notes and a change of clothes. A piece of candy. A Snail Phone. Make sure you check for weapons. She could hide them under the clothes she's wearing. I'm checking there now. Area C is clear. Understood. Nothing unusual in Area A. Understood.
Leo: I can't find anything hidden in Area B.
Fairy: The big human woke up!
Leo: Everyone on alert!
Fairies: Yes sir!
Robin: J-Just wait a minute!
Leo: Don't struggle.  Just stay calm.
Robin: My body is sewn to the ground.
Leo: You can't move, so don't bother trying. With my magical stitching power, I have sewn you to the ground.
Robin: Your stitching power?
Leo: Yes. I sewed you up with this needle. You're a bad big human, right?
Robin: I'm sorry, but you're mistaken. Are you a Devil Fruit user?
Leo: I am a warrior of the Tontatta tribe, Leo.
Robin: Leo-san, where are we? Where's Usopp? Umm, there wouldn't happen to be another human here, by any chance? Is he safe?
Kabu: We captured that big human with a long nose under the laws of our country.
Robin: So this is a country of dwarves.
Leo: Yes, this is the land under the great forest that our people created, the Tontatta Kingdom.
Robin: When you say forest, do you mean Green Bit? You're the ones who raised those giant plants?
Leo: Yes, there is no plant that we can't grow.
Kabu: Everyone be careful!
Leo: Kabu-san?
Kabu: This big human can grow hands from the ground like flowers!
Fairy: Hand flowers? Even we can't grow hand flowers!
Kabu: Yes, it is magic! A truly mysterious phenomenon! Just as I was trying to escape, I was captured!
Robin: I remember now. They used something to knock me out, and brought me here. I could easily get away if I used my ability, but that would only aggravate the situation.
Leo: Big human, why did you come here? Are you trying to destroy the Tontatta Kingdom?
Robin: No!  I'm sorry... I caught one of you because I was curious.
Leo: No matter why you did it, we cannot let anyone who has seen us live.
Robin: Oh, no!  I never had any intention to harm you, and I will never tell anyone about your people.
Leo: You liar! Do you expect us to fall for such an obvious lie?!
Robin: It's true!
Leo: Okay then.
Fairy: Oh, I'm so glad. I thought you were a bad person. I'm so glad.
Robin: They believed me! How can they be so trusting?
Leo: You're untied now.
Fairy: Here are your glasses.
Robin: Thank you.
Gancho: Hey, Leo.
Leo: Tonta Chief-sama
Gancho: What on earth are you doing?
Leo: Tonta Chief-sama, she is a good person.
Gancho: There's no way that's true.
Leo: But she said she was.
Gancho: Very well then.
Robin: He believed me too! Are all of them this trusting?
Gancho: Well, it's quite rare for us to see a big human up close.
Robin: And you are?
Gancho: I'm Gancho, the incredible Tonta Chief of Tontatta Kingdom. Please, be at ease.
Fairy: Hey, good day!  Would you like some pumpkin to eat?
Robin: Thank you very much, but I'm in a bit of a hurry.
Fairy: Over here! Our tree sap cookies are delicious. How about having tea with us?
Robin: Forgive me, but I'm in a hurry.
Fairy: Left the oven on or something?
Robin: Um, have any of you seen my Snail Phone?
Fairy: Yes, we set it free.
Robin: This is troubling, it's almost three o'clock. I need to contact Law. Where's the exit?  I need to hurry.
Leo: Wait, do you intend to leave? You're a good person, right? If you're a good person, then give us some weapons.
Kabu: That's the rule.
Robin: But, I dont...
Leo: If you don't then we'll take everything you have.
Robin: I don't have any weapons on me.
Leo: You leave us no other choice. We'll have to completely strip you. Take everything!
Robin: My sunglasses are gone.
Leo: Go!
Frappo: Stop! Wait a moment!
Leo: What is it?
Frappo: That big human is the hero's partner!
Gancho: The hero's?!
Robin: Usopp?
Leo: Hero?  What do you mean?! He's the other big human we captured! He's here to help us. The legendary, the legendary... The legendary hero is here!
Fairy: I'm so glad! How amazing! I wanna meet him!
Robin: What lies are you telling now, Usopp? It's 2:57, I'm running out of time!
Narrator: Law is about to meet with Doflamingo... and hand over Caesar... in two minutes.
Sanji: Hey Law, this is Sanji!
Law: Black Legger? Did you find the factory?
Sanji: We've got bigger problems!
Law: What is it?
Sanji: Listen carefully, you need to get out of there right now!
Narrator: Block C's battle has finally begun. Luffy excites the audience as he overpowers the other gladiators. Meanwhile, the trap Doflamingo has laid for Law is revealed... and Law finds himself in a desperate crisis.
Luffy: Next time, on One Piece: The Scheme of the Century Doflamingo Makes His Move! I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
