Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy joined the battle royale after finding out that the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit.
Grunt: A bounty worth 77 million... Black Leg Sanji of the Straw Hat Crew, your head is ours!
Narrator: Doflamingo's subordinate Violet saved Sanji  and revealed an astonishing secret to him.
Violet: The second that you brought Caesar to this island, you all fell into his trap. This is my memory of Dress Rosa from this morning.
Sanji: What is the meaning of this?!
Luffy: Alright, it's finally my turn.
Soldier: Rebecca. I saw the list in the colosseum. So you really entered the competition. I tried to stop you!
Rebecca: I'm... I'm gonna do it! I'll win, Soldier-san! And then... And then... we can live together!
Soldier: A warrior cannot win the tournament if they cry so easily!
Leo: Anesthetic Flower!
Usopp: Wh-What is this smoke?!
Narrator: On the other side, Robin, who had lost consciousness in the forest of Green Bit, woke up in the country of the dwarves, Tontatta Kingdom.
Fairy: The big human woke up!
Leo: Don't struggle.  Just stay calm.
Robin: My body is sewn to the ground.
Leo: You can't move, so don't bother trying. You're a bad big human, right?
Robin: So this is a country of dwarves. It's 2:57, I'm running out of time!
Narrator: Only two minutes remain until Caesar is to be handed over.
Sanji: Hey Law, this is Sanji!
Law: Black Legger? Did you find the factory?
Sanji: We've got bigger problems!
Grunt: There he is!  It's Black Leg Sanji! Don't let the traitor Violet escape! Get them! That's as far as you go!
Sanji: This way! Bastards!
Violet: Black Leg!
Sanji: What if one of those bullets hits Violet-chan?! Listen carefully, you need to get out of there right now!
Law: What are you talking about? We're about to release Caesar!
Sanji: Doflamingo hasn't quit his position as a Warlord! Even if you hand over Caesar, he has no intention of negotiating with you!
Law: That doesn't make any sense.  What do you mean?
Sanji: We've been completely deceived!
Citizen: Your Majesty! Please don't tell us you're abdicating the throne! Doflamingo-sama! Won't you tell us what's going on? Why did you abdicate your throne?!
Doflamingo: Man they're annoying. Aren't they ready yet? So they've come.
Citizen: Huh? There's a warship in the port! I've seen that mark before. It's Cipher Pol Aigis Zero! They're the government officials that answer directly to the world nobles! Why are they here?
Cp-0: Calm down, people of Dress Rosa. Regarding the worldwide announcement of Doflamingo  renouncing his throne and title as Warlord... It was a mistake. The information was incorrect.
Citizen: So that means... Doflamingo-sama isn't abdicating his throne?! I'm so glad!
CP-0: Also, this incident will be explained to the world in an extra issue at three this afternoon. Until then, you are to keep this a secret. Revealing this information is illegal. All citizens are to act normally as if nothing happened.
Sanji: That wasn't an illusion just now, right?
Violet: That was what happened just before your crew arrived on this island.
Sanji: This doesn't make any sense at all. The World Government? There's no way that a Warlord has that kind of political power!
Violet: That's true. I'm far too scared of Doflamingo to try to get away... but your crew might just be able to escape him.
Sanji: You understand?! Get away from that island right now!
Fujitora: The information about Doflamingo was incorrect? Just what does that mean, Saka-san? Navy HQ was played with incorrect information?
Sakazuki: Yeah, it is quite annoying. I'm headed for Mariejoa to discuss this with the Five Elder Stars. Sorry, but that's the situation. You lot just head to the place where Trafalgar Law and Doflamingo are meeting.
Fujitora: Understood. All squadrons, to the south eastern beach!
Sanji: Hurry up!
Law: You idiot, it's already too late.
Sanji: I've got my hands full here, I'm hanging up!
Grunt: There he is, after him!
Law: What do you want me to do?!
Caesar: What's that? Half of Nico Robin just sprouted from the ground!
Law: Nicoer?
Robin: This is my clone. I heard that call. It was from Sanji, correct?
Law: Where's your real body and Noser? If what Black Legger says is true, then there can be no deal with Doflamingo!
Caesar: No deal?! Then what are you gonna do about handing me over?!
Law: There's no way I'm giving you to him.
Caesar: No way!
Law: Nicoer, call Noser! We're getting off this island right now!
Robin: Well, we're currently underneath Green Bit.
Law: Underneath?
Robin: We got caught up in a bit of trouble. But we're both fine. We can't back you up, but if you're gonna escape then go ahead without us. We'll meet you at the rendezvous point.
Law: Okay, I unde-
Caesar: Th-The Navy!
Fujitora: You are Trafalgar Law-san, correct?
Law: The new Admiral... Fujitora? So he's here.
Robin: I wish you good luck.
Law: Same to you guys.
Marine: That's...
Caesar: Joker!
Doflamingo: Well well, Law. This is quite an impressive feat you've pulled off. I never thought you'd bring a Navy Admiral. Considering that I'm not a Warlord anymore, I'm trembling with fear right now.
Law: You liar!
Announcer: Now, all the members of Block C have assembled! All 139 warriors! Who will be the winner of this Battle Royale?!
Luffy: It's finally time.
Announcer: It's time for the starting...
Cavendish: So you've already entered the ring, Straw Hat?!
Staff: Cavendish, aren't you in Block D? Are you trying to break in?!
Cavendish: Let me go!
Staff: Calm down, or we'll disqualify you.
Luffy: It's finally my turn!
Audience: Go! Smash 'em! He did it!
Participant: I'll knock every last one of you into the water! Seems interesting! I'll crush you! Where'd he go?
Luffy: That's one big hammer.
Participant: When did you...
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Pistol!
Participant: His hand stretched like rubber! He's a Devil Fruit user! But didn't that Straw Hat guy eat the rubber fruit?
Luffy: Ah, woops.
Participant: Now, I'm gonna take you down!
Luffy: Umm... Just a Normal Punch! That was close!
Cavendish: Didn't you just see that? He isn't Lucy, he's Straw Hat...
Staff: Don't struggle!
Participant: Stop moving around!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Participant: He stretched again!
Luffy: Ah, forget that one.
Participant: What was that, you...
Luffy: Just a Normal Kick! Man this is getting annoying.
Audience: Hey, don't you think that guy in the helmet is cool? Really? I've never seen him before. I wonder who he is.
Cavendish: Like I said, he's Straw Hat!
Staff: Go back to the waiting area.
Cavendish: What are you doing?! Straw Hat!
Participant: That midget is pretty strong. Should we deal with him first?
Luffy: So you're all coming at once?
Participant: Fly! I'm not gonna let you escape this time! I got him!
Luffy: It won't work. Because I'm... made of rubber.
Audience: He's awesome!
Participant: This guy's really strong.
Luffy: Now, bring it!
Narrator: On this day... The paper that the News Coo brings will once again shock the world.
Citizen: An extra issue? It seems to be a correction of earlier news. What the hell's this!
Pirate: Captain, big news!
Captain: What is it?
Pirate: That big announcement about Doflamingo...
Captain: It was misinformation?!
Citizen: That's just crazy. Has this ever happened before?
Law: Answer me, Doflamingo! Did you really use the World Government's power in order to deceive the entire world... just to lead us into your trap?!
Doflamingo: The most complex magic tricks are usually quite simple, Law. "There's no way he'd do something so crazy." People judge each other with their own assumptions, so they are blinded to the truth.
Law: But there's no way you could pull off a scheme like this, even if you did think of it. You're a pirate. Even with the title of Warlord, or King... There's no way that you have the power to feed misinformation to the entire world! The only people capable of something like that... are... the Celestial Dragons!
Vergo: You know nothing about Joker's past. That will cost you your life.
Law: You... you can't be...
Doflamingo: The roots run deeper than you think. I only had one objective, Law. I've been wanting to kill you.
Narrator: Law is cornered by both Fujitora and Doflamingo. Fujitora finally draws his sword... and the power of the new Admiral sends shivers down the spines of both Warlords!
