Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy joined the battle royale after finding out that the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit. Elsewhere, Sanji discovered that Doflamingo set a trap for Caesar's handover.
Sanji: Listen carefully, we've been completely deceived!
Doflamingo: I only had one objective, Law. I've been wanting to kill you.
title: Heaven and Earth Shake! Admiral Fujitora's Power
Caesar: Joker, hurry up and beat-
Law: There's no way I'm handing this guy over! Because you haven't kept your side of the deal! Doflamingo, I'm canceling our deal!
Caesar: What the hell are you talking about? After coming so far...
Doflamingo: Is that how you speak to your boss after over a decade of silence? Leave him here, Law. Caesar's my adorable subordinate.
Marine: Issho-san, the man with Law is Caesar Clown.
Fujitora: Is that so? So he's the scientist from that poison gas incident. But as the subordinate of a Warlord, he receives a pardon. They'll grant him amnesty.
Doflamingo: Are you that Admiral who was recruited through the world conscription, Fujitora? I've heard rumors about you. They say that both you and Ryokugyuu are overpowered monsters.
Fujitora: I thank you for the compliment.
Doflamingo: Don't play dumb.
Fujitora: Perhaps it's just because I'm a newcomer in the Navy, but your actions leave me somewhat confused. I may not have all the details, but it seems you've broken some rules as a Warlord. Is the name Joker that he just called you an alias?
Doflamingo: If you want to investigate me, you'll have to be very persistent and carefully collect enough evidence. So how has the Navy decided to deal with Law?
Fujitora: In regards to the case of the wanted pirates, the Straw Hats, If the stories are accurate, and you've formed an alliance, you'll be in the red. But if they have become your subordinates, Law-san, then you're in the green. We may have to apprehend both you and Straw Hat, depending on your answer
Caesar: H-Hey!  What kind of investigation is that?! All he has to do is lie, and he walks away free!
Law: My plans have completely fallen apart. I've become the main target. Taking this situation over to Dress Rosa won't help either. I have to buy time. Straw Hat is not my subordinate! We have formally formed an alliance, just like the articles said!
Doflamingo: You're such an awkward man.
Fujitora: Well then, you will be stripped of your title. I hope that'll be all I'll have to report today.
Law: You've gotta be kidding me! It's a meteor!
Caesar: T-That's impossible!
Doflamingo: Damn, he's not joking around!
Marine: Run! We're about to get hit by a meteor!
Law: Room!
Marine: A-Amazing! W-Where's Isshou-san?
Caesar: What's this?! What just happened?!
Marine: Only the ground directly under their feet remains! Isshou-san?
Doflamingo: You cur!  What the hell has the Fleet Admiral been teaching you?!
Law: Even if you can't see, we can't ignore this kind of insanity!
Fujitora: Why thank you. I was just testing my power. Now I'm going to arrest you. Do you understand, Law-san?
Doflamingo: If you think I'm going to let him get away, you're dreaming.
Sanji: The flower hill?! What are you, on a picnic?
Franky: And where have you been slacking off, Sanji?!
Sanji: I'm in love!
Franky: Hmm, that's good for you. By the way, I've gotten a lead to where the factory is.
Sanji: Seriously?!
Franky: But we can't just destroy it and leave. It's probably gonna be a bigger job than we first thought.
Citizen: Hey, wait up! You gotta pay upfront here! Someone catch that toy! Don't eat and run! Wait!
Sanji: We don't have time, Doflamingo's...
Franky: Yeah, I read the extra edition. We really fell for it, didn't we? If we lose Caesar here, then our plan goes right down the drain. I'm gonna destroy the factory so we at least get something out of this. At any rate, you should get over here... to the flower hill.
Sanji: What the hell's with that fairytale-sounding place! And Nami-san isn't answering my calls!
Franky: You still think she's just some weak, defenseless little girl? She'll be fine. Both Brook and Monster Chopper are with her.
Sanji: What's that?
Franky: What's wrong?
Sanji: What is that, Violet-chan?
Violet: It's a video from the colosseum.
Announcer: The mysterious gladiator Lucy's amazingly strong!
Citizen: He's pretty good! That small guy's really strong!
Sanji: Franky, try not to be too shocked at this.  Luffy's...
Franky: Oh him?  He's in a fighting tournament right now.
Sanji: What the hell did you let him do?! You're supposed to keep an eye on him, dammit!
Franky: You've got no right to say that to me. Who's the one that got separated from Zoro?
Violet: Black Leg, I'm leaving now. My subordinates are coming this way. You want to go to the secret factory, right? This is a map. On the outside it's posing as the House of Toys. That's the factory.
Sanji: You can't do this!  Keep helping me and you'll...
Violet: You're a fool. It doesn't matter. It seems like the family heads have already learned of my betrayal.
Sanji: Violet-chan, let's meet at the western port. Just hide until I get there. That's the meeting place for me and my crewmates. I'll definitely get you out of here.
Violet: You really are a fool.
Kin'emon: Sorry to interrupt you, mister fool!
Sanji: What's with you dammit! Where the hell'd you come from?! Violet-chan!
Kin'emon: Firstly, please defeat them.
Grunt: There he is!
Sanji: Who do they think they are, charging down the middle of the street like that?!
Citizen: A-Amazing!
Sanji: Why didn't you beat up these small fry yourself?
Kin'emon: Well, they had taken Kanjuurou hostage and I couldn't lay a finger on them. I wish for you to come with me, Sanji-dono. In a place called the House of Toys, my comrade Kanjuurou is being held! Although I don't know where it is.
Sanji: Just leave it to me.
Announcer: Nobody was paying attention to the general public contestants, but now Lucy's really on fire!
Luffy: Now, who's next? There's a really strong one over there. I wonder who it is... Oh, isn't that the bull from before? Alright, let's battle it out.
Announcer: Oh, now Brutal Bull is facing off against the unstoppable Lucy! This is Brutal Bull who fought against a bunch of death row criminals yesterday!
Criminal: So the one who defeats this bull has their crime pardoned. This is quite the opportunity. I killed all kinds of powerful people before I was caught. I'm the man that's gonna kill this one! Out of the way, I'll do it!
Announcer: And, can you believe it?! He sent over half the fighters in that battle to hell! Truly a killer bull! He's the Death God of the colosseum! People call him the menacing bull, Brutal Bull! He's charging toward Lucy! But it doesn't look like Lucy has any intention of evading! Is he too scared to move?! Brutal Bull's gonna spear him!
Luffy: Hey, over here.
Announcer: Lucy evaded him!
Luffy: Come on, bring it.
Announcer: B-Brutal Bull came to a stop! What did he do?!  What on earth happened?!
Luffy: I like you. Let's fight together!
Announcer: Oh my, he's riding the Death God of the colosseum! What a man this Lucy is!
Leo: What's with all these tremors?
Robin: It's probably Law's group.
Usopp: Dammit, I don't want to die here!
Fairy: The hero got scared.
Usopp: Just joking. Truth is, these tremors were caused by my Haki.
Fairy: Haki? The thing that you used to defeat fifty thousand bad guys on Fishman Island? As expected of the hero! His energy's powerful enough to shake the kingdom!
Leo: Please eat this. It's called a Fighting Fish, it's a species of large goldfish.
Usopp: Fighting Fish?
Leo: Yes.
Usopp: It's delicious! I didn't think it would be this good. It tastes similar to the sea monsters that I easily kill. So these guys really are the ones who caught the Fighting Fish. What's with their super strength? Are all dwarves really strong?
Leo: It's so big that it feeds this entire kingdom for a few months. You're a big human, Usoland, so you should be able to eat a lot.
Usopp: Luffyland, who belongs to my fighting force, the Usolanders, could eat the whole thing in one bite.
Robin: What's Usoland?
Usopp: Look over there. Don't you recognize him? He's from that picture book we saw in Jaya.
Robin: That's a statue of Montblanc Norland.
Leo: Correct. Of course, you people know him, right? He's big human botanist who came to this island over four hundred years ago. At that time, our ancestors were dealing with some big humans who were raiding the island. He appeared before our ancestors, fought by their side, and led them to victory. He's the legendary hero of Tontatta Kingdom.
Fairy: I was truly moved when Usoland spoke of his name and told us that he was Montblanc's descendant!
Usopp: Look at my head. This chestnut head is proof that I belong to his bloodline.
Fairy: It's true! A chestnut head! And we were so rude to you before we knew!
Robin: You're evil.
Usopp: I saved both of us, didn't I? Let's just eat, get some souvenirs, and leave.
Gancho: But to meet on this day... I have to believe it is fate.
Leo: Indeed.  After four hundred years, on the very day of our final battle with Doflamingo... the legendary hero has returned to us!
Fairy: Usoland, once you have finished eating, let's take the tunnel to flower hill. Let's go!
Fairies: Yeah!
Leo: On the battlefield of Dress Rosa, the commander and fellow soldiers of the Riku Royal Army are waiting for us.
Fairies: Yeah!
Leo: Please stand on the battlefield with us and take command. We're gonna destroy the Donquixote Family.
Fairies: Yeah!
Leo: With Usoland, we are unbeatable!
Fairies: Yeah!
Leo: Our hero!
Fairies: Usoland, Usoland, Usoland!
Robin: Usoland?
Narrator: Lucy continues his attack while riding Brutal Bull, as another powerful opponent stands before him. He's from a new generation of the Giants' country, and the strongest pirate mercenary, Hairudin. Lucy begins a battle to the death against the strongest warrior aiming to become the king of giants.
