Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy joined the battle royale after finding out that the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit. And finally, Block C's battle, which Luffy is in, has begun.
Luffy: Let's fight together!
Narrator: Meanwhile, with Nami's group who are in charge of the Sunny...
Nami: W-W-What's going on?
Luffy: A Furious Attack! Lucy VS The Giant
Brook: W-What is this?
Chopper: What on earth happened here?!
Momonosuke: This is highly unsettling.
Brook: Franky-san will be so angry when he sees this!
Momonosuke: A-And now even the door is distorted!
Chopper: Is that a Devil Fruit user?
Nami: What kind of fruit is that?!
Brook: The Bad Taste Fruit?
Giolla: Oh, this will not do at all. I can't stand being around people with such poor aesthetic sense!
Nami: W-Who are you?!
Giolla: Silence! Mermaid Princess?  Oh, you flatter me!
Brook & Chopper: Nobody said that!
Subordinate: Hey you!  Who do you think you're talking to?! She is Giolla-sama of the Donquixote Family!
Chopper: The Donquixote Family?!
Giolla: Oh, this will not do! My soul is trembling! So many images come to mind!  My heart is filled with joy! Time to bring forth an image of liberty and beauty!
Chopper: W-What happened to us?!
Brook: W-W-What's with my face?! It's all flat and smooth!  This is just too cruel!
Quartet: Nooooo!
Nami: Hey you!  What did you do?!
Giolla: Why, it's art of course! You peasants would never understand true art, would you?
Nami: Art?!  Yeah right!  Turn us back to normal!
Chopper: Yeah, turn us back!
Giolla: Non, non.  I will not do that. Or, come to think of it, I suppose I could... if you give me that boy Momonosuke in exchange.
Nami: Don't worry, Momo-chan.  I won't let her take you.
Giolla: I heard that! Ah, my soul is trembling again! I shall make you even more beautiful!
Chopper: Here she comes again!
Brook: Who knows what will happen if she makes us any softer than we are now?
Nami: Yeah.
Giolla: They're gone!
Subordinate: They had an escape hatch here? Shall we pursue them?
Giolla: Oh, this will not do!  They keep causing us trouble. There they are!
Subordinate: How'd they get over there so fast?
Giolla: Hey there!  What are you playing at? Come back here! I will make you even greater works of art!
Nami: You've gotta be kidding me! I refuse to let that bizarro-attack hit me again!
Chopper: Yeah!
Brook: Hit us if you can!
Giolla: This simply will not do!
Brook: She's angry.  Just as planned.
Nami: Yup.  I swear... If she goes crazy with that weird power of hers, the Sunny will be completely messed up!
Brook: Never mind how angry Franky-san will be. More importantly... Can it be turned back to normal? The room that used to be the men's quarters, that is.
Nami: I don't know, but for now we have to make sure the Sunny doesn't get messed up even more.
Chopper: Hopefully she'll focus her attacks on us, and not on the ship. Huh? She's going the other way!
Brook: What happened?
Giolla: Oh my heavens... This will not do at all! Get over here, men!
Subordinate: Roger that!
Brook: I-Is that...
Chopper: Doflamingo's submarine?!
Nami: It's gotta be.  That's how they got here!
Momonosuke: You mean they concealed themselves in the mist?
Nami: This is not good.  There are way too many of them!
Giolla: What are you doing just sitting there? They will get away! Go get Momonosuke from them already!
Subordinate: Yes, Giolla-sama!
Giolla: My soul is aflutter! So many images come to mind!  My heart is filled with joy!
Chopper: Oh no!  She's gonna do it again!
Brook: Hello?  We are over here!
Nami: Aim at us!
Chopper: Don't do anything to the ship!  We're over here!
Giolla: Time to bring forth an image of liberty and beauty!
Quartet: Stop!
Giolla: The world must be free!
Chopper: Damn it!
Brook: She went and did it!  What are we going to do?
Giolla: This is art!  Is it not beautiful?
Chopper: It's no use... that's not even a ship anymore!
Giolla: This will not do at all! Did you really think you could distract me? The young master gave me two orders. Kidnap Momonosuke and commandeer the ship. Indeed!  Now, the Straw Hat Pirates cannot escape from Dress Rosa!
Chopper: Our plan... failed!
Giolla: Now give up and come with us quietly.
Ricky: I need no treatment.  I'm leaving!
Staff: We can't let you do that, Contestant Ricky. Treating the fighters' wounds is our job, and treating the guests is particularly important.
Ricky: Treating our wounds? First you make us kill each other before a crowd, and now you want to treat our wounds?!
Staff: Your head is still bleeding! Please remove your mask and let us treat you.
Ricky: Don't touch my mask!
Staff: A-Are you alright, Contestant Ricky?
Ricky: In any case, I need no treatment. Open the gates!
Staff: I'm telling you, we can't. Hold him down, he's gravely injured.
Rebecca: You're bleeding a lot. You really should let them take a look at you. Here...
Ricky: Step aside!  I can walk on my own.
Staff: G-Go inside and take the stairs down.
Ricky: Rebecca... I'm sorry.
Bellamy: Straw Hat is fighting in the tournament as we speak, Diamante.
Diamante: Then, after the match is over...
Bellamy: Joker wants me to kill Straw Hat?
Diamante: Doffy is far too soft. I don't think you deserve another chance after failing in the tournament. A lucky break for you, Bellamy. Assassination should be a simple job. Get it done before the tournament ends.
Luffy: Hey Bellamy, you can do it!
Diamante: Do so, and you'll finally be a member of the Family.
Bartolomeo: So I hear you're after Lucy, Cavendish.
Cavendish: Oh, Bartolomeo? Congratulations on making it to the finals. My business with Lucy does not concern you.
Bartolomeo: Not true.  I... will not let you kill that man.
Cavendish: I see.  You too, huh? We both went through the same ordeal. However, he is mine.  I won't let anyone else take him. Naturally, that includes you. Get in my way, and you'll regret it.
Bartolomeo: How scary! But my connection to him runs much deeper.
Announcer: Many fighters have already fallen! Block C is heating up! What a fierce battle! However, even in this intense clash of titans, there is one enormous fighter who stands above the rest, both figuratively and literally! A warrior of the new age, from the famous land of Giants, Elbaf! The ultimate pirate mercenary! He is named Hairudin!
Crowd: He's enormous! Hairudin!
Warrior: You're way too big, bastard! There's gotta be a rule against that!
Hairudin: Have you ever seen a Giant who's eaten a Logia before? I will win the Mera Mera Fruit and become just that! I will become the king of all Giants!
Announcer: His punches are as strong as lightning! Who would be so foolish as to try to stop him?! Oh, and over here we have... a lone bull who continues his rampage, utterly fearless of the foes that surround him! In this very Colosseum, he engaged in a fight against death row prisoners... and sent twenty one of them to hell!  A killer bull! The Reaper of the Colosseum, or as we all know him, Brutal Bull! And this man, for some strange reason, has managed to tame the Reaper! The man who appeared like a twinkling star, and became a fan favorite because of his nimble strength... Lucy!
Luffy: Get 'em, Ucy!
Announcer: I'm a huge fan of his too!
Assistant: Gatz-san, you have to judge impartially!
Luffy: Great, keep it up! Beat 'em all!
Cavendish: So even when you disguise yourself, you still end up loved by everyone, Straw Hat?!
Rebecca: What a funny man.
Luffy: Get 'em, Ucy! Huh?
Audience: Oh crap!  He provoked Hairudin!
Hairudin: You want to fight me?
Luffy: Crap!  Ucy, run! Ucy!
Audience: Bull! Bull! Lucy!
Announcer: How disappointing! The two of them were far too weak... compared to the rookie from Elbaf! The Reaper of the Colosseum, and the mysterious gladiator Lucy...
Assistant: G-Gatz-san!
Announcer: ...were helpless against... Huh? The Giant has fallen!
Narrator: The battle for the Mera Mera Fruit grows more heated. Destructive Cannon Ideo, a fighter with grotesque shoulders, stands in Lucy's way. A fierce one-on-one battle begins between Lucy and the man whose punches can send a Giant flying!
