Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy joined the battle royale after finding out that the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit. And finally, the Block C battle, which Luffy is in, has begun.
Hairudin: You want to fight me?
Luffy: Crap!  Ucy, run! Ucy!
Announcer: How disappointing! The Giant has fallen!
Title: The Destructive Cannon Explodes! Lucy in a Pinch
Warrior: Hey...
Audience: You're amazing, Lucy!
Announcer: There's no stopping the audience's excitement and anticipation! Lucy, the unexpected star of Block C just performed another amazing feat!
Luffy: Thanks for fighting with me. I'll carry you off to the side, Ucy.
Narrator: This man's strength is immeasurable!
Audience: Lucy!
Cavendish: Well, duh!
Rebecca: Unbelievable!  I didn't think he was so strong.
Audience: Lucy!
Ideo: Hey, Giant. This is the arena. If you wanna sleep, do it outside the ring! You're in the way!
Announcer: Hairudin got blasted out of the ring?! What could have happened?! No, that was no explosion! Even without Hairudin, Block C is filled with amazing warriors! This man released a punch with the force of an explosion behind it from his bizarre shoulders!
Audience: Ideo!
Announcer: The one who blew Hairudin away was... two-time champion of the New World Tournament... Destructive Cannon Ideo!
Audience: Ideo is so strong! Awesome!
Warrior: A two-time champion?  So what? It doesn't matter how many tournaments you've won before!
Ideo: Yeah, you're right. The most important thing is... strength! I am stronger than you. I will be the winner. The prize will be mine!
Narrator: Meanwhile, outside in Dress Rosa...
Wicca: I can't believe you. No one can be this directionally challenged!
Zoro: Oh, shut up!  I got it a little wrong, so what?
Wicca: A little?!  You think you got it a little wrong?! You've gone the wrong way twenty-seven times now! And somehow you've run down the stairs we need to go up, thirty-one times! That is not "a little" wrong! We're actually getting further away from Flower Hill! Get it together, already!
Zoro: Shut the hell up! You're the one giving me confusing directions!
Wicca: It's not me... It's your fault!
Citizen: What was that? He just flew into the air for no reason.
Zoro: That hurt!  What do you think you're doing?!
Citizen: What is wrong that guy? Who's he yelling at? He's creeping me out.  Let's go.
Wicca: I have to tell my people where the Donquixote family is, quickly! So get it together! Do you get it?!
Zoro: Stop before you break my bones! You can't just pummel me like that when you're so strong! I'm worried about my own friends too, you know! If you've got a problem with how I do things, then why don't you ask a local cat for help instead?
Wicca: Wait!
Zoro: This place looks kinda familiar, but I'm not sure. Where am I?
Wicca: You're lost already? A-Are you a complete dunce?
Zoro: Who are you calling a dunce?!
Wicca: Please... take me to my friends!
Zoro: Okay, fine.
Wicca: Wrong way!
Zoro: Let's move!
Wicca: Yes!
Narrator: And on Green Bit...
Law: Room!
Fujitora: I'd expect no less from a Warlord.
Donquixote: Fujitora, quit meddling.  He is my prey! Bullet String! Playing tag now, Law?
Fujitora: Let's go after them.
Marine: Sir!
Doflamingo: I know what you're trying to do, Law. You're stalling for time, aren't you? I won't let you have your way.
Announcer: It's Lucy VS Ideo!  What a fight!
Ideo: Take this!
Luffy: I see.  Your punches are like bombs.
Ideo: This is nowhere near enough for me though. I'm going to be the best there ever was. I still want to become much stronger! And I will be, by eating this tournament's grand prize, the Mera Mera Fruit!
Luffy: I won't let you have Ace's fruit.
Ideo: It will be mine!
Luffy: I'm gonna win!
Announcer: How intense! Truly a heated battle that has us sweating in anticipation! However, it isn't the only battle of interest here! Now, I'd like to direct your attention toward... the members of the Flower Kingdom Gang from the distant East! These men are outstanding!
Sai: You're wasting your time.
Announcer: And there it is! The completely unblockable Eight-Impact Fist that redirects impact! Neither shields nor armor will work against it! The Happou Navy boasts several hundred years of history, and these are their strongest fighters! Truly, they are unparalleled!
Warrior: Taking your head would gain me as much fame as winning the tournament would, Chinjao!
Don Chinjao: Well, well... Go back home and train some more, small-fry!
Warrior: That's Conqueror's Haki! That's not surprising. He's a legendary pirate who was once worth 500 million!
Don Chinjao: I have only one target here.  Get out of my way!
Jean: Thanks, Chinjao.  You're practically handing me weapons on a silver plate.
Announcer: Oh, what's this?! The man who remained standing despite Don Chinjao's attack, and is now picking up weapons... is this tournament's dark horse, Jean the Bandit! A bounty hunter who has earned grudges from big shot pirates all over the New World!
Warrior: Hey you!  Hold it! I've been hunting you for years! I'll never forget that you sent my partner to jail!
Jean: I am a sniper, and any weapon I pick up can be ammunition! If your partner means so much to you, you should storm the prison and rescue him. There was an idiot who did that two years ago.
Audience: Hey!  That guy's already lost consciousness, so why is he still punching him?
Bobby: Stop it, brother!  He's not even conscious anymore! That's enough! Ah! I held back the wrong person.
Kelly: That piece of shit called me shorty! Hey, Bobby!  Am I short? Am I?!
Bobby: Not at all.  You're very tall.
Kelly: Say something, you clown!
Bobby: Brother, that's enough! Ah!  I held back the wrong person.
Kelly: Don't ever say that again, or I'll tear your eyes out of your sockets! And you!  Don't try to stop me all the time, Bobby!
Bobby: But this is supposed to be a competition, brother.
Announcer: The Funk Brothers are completely ruthless! They say that everyone in the underworld knows of this assassin duo! Furthermore, they say these two are powerful enough to take down pirates with nine-digit bounties!
Kelly: Who cares that this is a competition?
Boo: I see some really obnoxious guys over there. That boxer pounds away like he's never trained in his life.  I wonder how strong he really is. Let's have a look! Hey, shorty.
Kelly: Huh? What did you just say?!
Bobby: Brother!
Boo: What?!
Announcer: What a weakling! Or is it that the Happou Navy is so strong? What a disappointment. How did you get your reputation, dumbass?! Puny weakling!
Assistant: Gatz-san!
Boo: How disappointing. You're up next, younger brother!
Bobby: Wait!  I don't fight. I have never been in a single fight, all my life!
Boo: Bite the dust!
Announcer: He turned his back on him?!  These brothers are pathetic!
Boo: The axe broke? That axe was coated in Armament Haki! Just how tough is his body?!
Bobby: Brother!
Kelly: Th-That filth called me short! It's time to get dressed, Bobby!
Bobby: What?! Right.
Luffy: O-Oh crap!
Ideo: Hold it!
Announcer: What is going on?! Boo from the Flower Kingdom is getting pummeled! He lost consciousness long ago! And the one punching him is... the cowardly younger brother, Bobby?! Or is it the weak older brother, Kelly?! It looks like it's the older brother! He's grown bigger, and now he's like an entirely different man!
Kelly: Who you callin' short?! Just try saying that one more time! I'll tear your throat out!
Announcer: What's this?  Lucy has lost his helmet!
Luffy: Hey, give that back!
Jean: I heard a peculiar rumor, Lucy. A certain 400 million beli pirate, Straw Hat Luffy, is among this tournament's participants.
Don Chinjao: Straw Hat Luffy!
Announcer: Don Chinjao seems to be heading straight for some sort of target!
Don Chinjao: Just you watch this, Garp! It's time for your grandson to die!
Announcer: Roughly forty men remain in Block C! Several powerful fighters are still standing! Now who will be the victor?!
Narrator: Having lost his helmet, Luffy is driven into a corner. In this desperate situation, Chinjao finally reaches Luffy. A legendary pirate who was once worth 500 million, and a rookie worth 400 million... Their two fists collide, just like a clash of titans!
