Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy joined the battle royale after finding out that the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit. And finally, the Block C battle, which Luffy is in, has begun.
Bobby: Brother!
Kelly: Th-That filth called me short! It's time to get dressed, Bobby!
Jean: I heard a peculiar rumor, Lucy. A certain 400 million beli pirate, Straw Hat Luffy, is among this tournament's participants.
Announcer: Now, the battle in Block C is reaching the final phase! Who's going to win?! The participants to watch out for are... The assassin from Mogaro, Kelly Funk! He's not letting up his attacks in the least! Boo was completely knocked out after the beating from Kelly! And now Sai is approaching the unconscious Boo. Will their Eight-Impact Fist be defeated here?! On the other side, Ideo continues to blow away many powerful opponents, leaving them defeated! Will someone appear to stop this man?! Furthermore, Don Chinjao continues his wrathful assault! And... and, and... the superstar who came out of nowhere! The great spectacle, Lucy is desperately chasing after Jean the Bandit!
Luffy: Wait, you damn cactus! Give me back my helmet! Damn him!
Chinjao: Wait, you little brat! You're Garp's grandson!
Luffy: He's chasing after me!
Jean: So your grandfather is Garp. I guess that's proof enough.
Chinjao: You're in the way! He's gone. Where'd you go, grandson of Garp?!
Luffy: Give me back my helmet!
Jean: They call me Jean the Bandit. What kind of bandit would give back his loot?
Luffy: Oh crap, my beard.
Jean: Why are you so flustered?
Luffy: That was close.
Jean: Why do you hide your face?
Luffy: B-B-Because...
Jean: You can't answer? I can only think of one reason why you would refuse to answer. It can only be... that you're Straw Hat Luffy!
Luffy: Yup! N-No wait, I'm Lucy!
Jean: Charitable Donation!
Luffy: Huh, where is he? Where's my helmet?! Hey Cactus, where are you?!
Jean: Who'd have thought that Straw Hat  would actually participate in this tournament. I even have a chance of winning. This place is full of weapons for me to take. With my sniping skills, I can kill him. For now, I'll gather weapons... then I'll defeat Straw Hat Luffy!
Luffy: Where'd that Cactus go?
Announcer: What?  What's this?  What's going on? How strong! The participants are being blown away like paper! The one sending them flying is Kelly Funk!
Kelly: Ra-Ra-Ra-Rampage!
Announcer: Where has Bobby gone? And Kelly seems to have gotten larger! His strength is just shocking! I don't understand it!
Participant: I saw it. I saw what happened. But what did I see? Is that Kelly or Bobby who's fighting now? Bobby and Kelly... combined into one person. Jake Jake, Helping Hands!
Boo: Wh-What's that?
Kelly: Now, hurry up and put me on!
Boo: What the hell's going on?
Bobby: Brother, I don't think I can fight.
Kelly: Don't try to think, you idiot. All you have to do is put me on! I can't believe how weak willed you are.  What a waste of your big, strong body. But if you wear me, and I take over your mind... I can use my fighting instincts to maximize your body's potential for violence.
Boo: You're the guy from earlier!
Kelly: I ate the Jake Jake Fruit and became a jacket man. Whether it be animals or monsters, I control anything that wears me. Now that Bobby is wearing me, we are one and the same! The Funk Brothers!
Boo: So you're just a wimp who can't fight on his own!
Kelly: What did you call me before?
Boo: I'll say it as many times as you like! You're a wimp!
Kelly: No, you called me a shorty! Ra-Ra-Ra-Rampage! Ra-Ra-Ra-Rampage! How's that? Do you understand my strength now?!
Participant: The battle was decided in an instant.
Kelly: Everyone's so weak.
Sai: Hey.
Kelly: Why, if it isn't the elder brother from the Flower Country. It took a single moment to beat up your little brother. Us brothers have combined our powers and are assassins! You're just pathetic! You can't even protect your little brother!
Sai: My little brother merely lacked training.
Kelly: Aren't you the strict one. But you'll be following in your little brother's footsteps. Ra-Ra-Ra-Rampage! Weren't fighters from the Flower Country supposed to be strong? Are you so broken up about your brother that you can't even speak?!
Sai: I put aside my feelings for my brother when I began to study the Eight-Impact Fist. But... As the thirteenth leader of the Happou Navy, I will avenge my subordinate!
Announcer: S... St... Strong! The Eight-Impact Fist! Sai has shown us what it takes to be their leader! He instantly defeated Kelly, the monster that no one else could touch!
Sai: I can't let myself lose before I reach my goal!
Luffy: Dammit, where'd he go?
Ideo: No doubt about it. You are the strongest person in this block.
Sai: You shouldn't compliment your opponent!
Ideo: Well... I've been waiting to meet someone strong like you.
Sai: Huh?
Ideo: If I defeat the strongest here, which is you, then I can continue to get stronger!
Sai: Don't flatter yourself!
Grunt: Wait!
Nami: Hold on tight, Momo-chan!
Giolla: You Straw Hat pirates should just give up, already! There's no beauty in pointless resistance. Now that I have used my Art Art powers to beautify your ship, there is no escape from Dress Rosa.  Do you not understand that? Just hand over Momonosuke. Leaving your ship and running is pointless.
Nami: Running?
Grunt: Hey, where's the other ship?! The skeleton and raccoon dog aren't there! Wh-What's that?!
Chopper: We're down here!
Brook: Greetings!
Grunt: When did you guys get under us?!
Brook: Well then...
Grunt: Hey, where's the brat from the Wano Country?! The girl's gone as well!
Giolla: What did you say?! What might this be?
Grunt: When did these appear? What are they? Thunder clouds?!
Nami: Thunderbreed Tempo!
Giolla: Oh my! You people are so rude! How dare you do that to my ship and subordinates!
Nami: No matter the danger, we would never leave the Sunny and run away! Now, let's get our ship back!
Chopper: Yes ma'am!
Brook: Nami-san's so wonderful and cool!
Nami: Now attack, Chopper, Brook!
Chopper: You're just sending us?!
Brook: I can't fight with this body!
Chopper: Save me!
Brook: Luffy-san!
Luffy: What's with all that?!
Announcer: Th-This is amazing! He's collected all the weapons in the ring! This is Jean the Bandit! Jean Ango is now facing off against Lucy!
Jean: I challenge you, Lucy. Or should I say Straw Hat Luffy?
Luffy: If he knows, then there's no helping it. Just give me back my helmet!
Jean: Charitable Donation! Thanks to you, I've made it big these past two years.
Luffy: Thanks to me?
Jean: I recaptured many of the prisoners that you released from the great prison, Impel Down. I plan to recapture every one of you escapees! The Star Clown, Buggy! The Knight of the Sea, Jinbe! Sir Crocodile! The Okama Queen, Ivankov! Shiliew of the Rain! I'll hunt down all their heads and raise myself to fame!
Luffy: I wonder if Jinbe and Iva-chan are doing okay?
Jean: And you aren't the only ones! There are powerful escapees from Level Six that weren't made public!
Luffy: From Level Six?
Jean: I know where they are!
Luffy: So other guys escaped as well.
Jean: Dammit, why can't I hit him?
Luffy: I'm taking this back!
Chinjao: You bastard! That hurt!
Announcer: H-He's out of the ring! Jean the Bandit has been eliminated! It was a One Hit KO! The legendary pirate Don Chinjao took him out with a headbutt! He's just as strong as he used to be! On the other side, we have a breathtaking duel, with neither side faltering at all! They are completely evenly matched! Their deadly battle will surely decide who's the strongest in this arena! Their overwhelming power doesn't allow anyone else to get near! It's a battle of wills! This is what the battle royale is all about!
Audience: Yeah! Keep it going!
Announcer: The excitement is reaching its peak!
Audience: Go! This is great! Ideo! Sai!
Announcer: Everybody in the colosseum has their eyes glued on these two!
Luffy: This is really heating up.
Chinjao: I won't let you run away anymore! Grandson of Garp, Straw Hat Luffy, you shall repent! For your grandfather's crime of stealing my fortune, my power, and the sweet memories of my youth!
Luffy: Like I said, I dunno anything about that, so take it to Gramps!
Chinjao: Death is too good a punishment for Garp! He must live on with the pain of losing what's dear to him! Give yourself up!
Cavendish: Why aren't I in Block C? I'm the one that's gonna kill Straw Hat Luffy!
Luffy: Okay fine. I'll just do it. Gear Second. Regardless of your grudge, I can't win unless I beat you. I won't let anyone take the Mera Mera Fruit!
Chinjao: Let's settle this right here!
Luffy: You're in the way!
Chinjao: Move it!
Diamante: The disposition of a king. A clash of the Color of Conquerors.
Announcer: Block C... is down to... its last two competitors!
Narrator: As the excitement in the colosseum reaches its peak  during the battle between Chinjao and Luffy. Franky, who is working with the one legged soldier, begins his journey into the deep darkness that exists in the brightly shining Dress Rosa.
