Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy joined the battle royale after finding out that the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit.
Title: Light and Shadow The Darkness Hidden in Dress Rosa!
Announcer: Somehow, the mere sight of these two fighting has overwhelmed the other renowned combatants... and they all fell unconscious! What did we just witness?!
Chinjao: So you can use the Color of Conquerors. What kind of king do you aspire to be?
Luffy: The Pirate King.
Chinjao: Ridiculous! The seas ahead are covered with people who possess the potential of a king. That's what you'll be up against! The very strongest among all the competing conquerors... That is what the Pirate King is! Who taught you to use your Haki?
Luffy: Rayleigh!
Chinjao: So he still lives? How infuriating! I don't want to remember the past!
Announcer: Lucy was hit by a fierce kick! He may be retired, but the Twelfth Leader of the Happou Navy lives up to his reputation!
Chinjao: Tell me, Straw Hat. I can still see my treasure right in front of me, yet I'm unable to reach it or even forget about it... What could compare to such torment?!
Announcer: What is going on?  The legendary pirate... is crying!
Boo: Gramps... Weren't we supposed to help Sai reach the final round?
Sai: I'm still not strong enough. Nobody in the world can stop Gramps when he's like this.
Chinjao: Chinjao the Drill. Once I was known by that name, but not anymore. Answer me!  What did Garp do to me?!
Luffy: I keep telling you, I don't know!
Chinjao: You are that detestable Garp's grandson!  Claiming ignorance won't save you! I have cursed Garp's name for thirty years!
Announcer: Don Chinjao is fired up again!
Chinjao: Answer me, Straw Hat! What did Garp do to me?! What did he... steal from me?!
Announcer: He's crying again!
Luffy: You're such a pain. Just decide if you're angry or upset.
Citizen: Go, Lucy!  Get him!
Kin'emon: Luffy-dono? This is no time for such nonsense! Sanji-dono!  I must go to the House of Toys and rescue Kanjuurou as soon as possible!
Sanji: I'd love to let you go, but not yet! First we have to deal with the emergency here. Look, the colosseum is completely surrounded by marines.
Kin'emon: Why are there so many?
Sanji: From what I can tell, pirates and criminals are free to enter the tournament. I reckon they're planning to capture them as soon as they come out.
Kin'emon: Well, it is only proper for criminals to be arrested.
Sanji: Don't forget that you're working with a pirate crew now!
Kin'emon: Oh, indeed!
Sanji: I really want to let Luffy know about this... but all of the combatants' entrances are carefully guarded.
Bastille: What is going on here? You mean to tell me that not a single person has exited the colosseum?
Marine: That's right.  Not one.
Bastille: There should be hundreds of losers from Blocks A and B! Why isn't anyone coming out?
Marine: It is strange, isn't it? Vice-Admiral Maynard snuck in as a contestant, but we haven't heard from him in a while.
Bastille: The kid shouldn't have done that. Something must be happening inside the colosseum.
Thunder Soldier: For the past ten years, ever since Doflamingo took the throne of Dress Rosa, there have been two iron-clad rules in this country.
Franky: Two iron-clad rules?
Thunder Soldier: That's right. Firstly, there is the midnight curfew. No one is to walk outside past twelve o'clock.
Franky: What?!  Not even the adults?
Thunder Soldier: Humans are to go back to their homes, and toys return to the Toys' House. It is forbidden to go outside in the middle of the night.
Franky: They can't even go out for a drink?
Thunder Soldier: There would be no bars open in any case. Secondly... Toys cannot enter the homes of humans, and humans cannot enter the Toys' House.
Franky: What?  Humans and toys seem to get along so well, but they're not allowed to visit each other? Well, I understand that there's a big difference between organic and manufactured people. Anyway, I've gotten used to the sight surprisingly quickly... but what are you toys anyway? You're sentient and you can speak. Whoever created you must be a scientist on Vegapunk's level.
Esta: Someone, stop him!
Franky: What's going on?
Esta: Let go of me!
Toy: Esta, it's me!
Esta: This toy is broken!  It has the human-sickness!
Toy: You're wrong, listen to me! Please remember, Esta!  It's me!
Esta: Get away from me!  You're creeping me out!
Man: What's gotten into you all of a sudden? The two of you used to be such good friends.
Toy: I'm begging you, rememb-
Man: Get away from my girlfriend!
Guard: Come with us.
Toy: Damn it... Esta! I'm your boyfriend! Get away from that guy! Please, remember me! Damn, let go of me!
Guard: Quiet down!
Toy: Stop it... Please, stop! No... Let go of me! I'm human!
Esta: That was so scary!
Man: You can say that again. What was that toy thinking, claiming to be human?
Esta: I know.
Franky: What was that?
Child: Let me ride you, Onepoco!
Milo: Don't, woof!  You're too heavy for me, woof! Onepoco!
Child: I'm not heavy!  Onepoco!
Thunder Soldier: Wait here, you should talk to him. Don't worry, he's a toy like us.
Franky: Well, half, anyway.
Milo: Onepoco's okay with that!
Thunder Soldier: Who are you?
Milo: I am that boy's father, and that woman's husband. My name is Milo, not Onepoco.
Thunder Soldier: Boy, where is your father?
Child: Huh?  I don't have one!
Thunder Soldier: Don't you have a husband, miss?
Child: Bye bye!
Franky: Hey, soldier!  What are you trying to show me? What is going on here?
Thunder Soldier: In short, this country is filled with... those who have been forgotten... and those who have forgotten them. We toys were once human! A certain Devil Fruit user Doflamingo brought with him ten years ago... changed us into toys.
Franky: So, you also used to be...
Thunder Soldier: There! I see the flower hill. I will explain everything there.
Announcer: Even in retirement, his Eight-Impact Fist is unstoppable! Don Chinjao is a truly formidable warrior!
Sai: Even after all his rampaging, Gramps' Haki isn't weakening at all!
Boo: Gramps is so tenacious!
Don Chinjao: The debt for my head will be repaid by your head!
Luffy: A head for a head?  What's that supposed to mean.
Don Chinjao: Take my attacks and repent for your grandfather's sins! Prepare yourself!  Arms-Head!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Balloon!
Don Chinjao: What?!
Announcer: Lucy sent Chinjao flying!
Luffy: That was close!
Announcer: But it had no effect!
Chinjao: Scum!  Back in the days when I was known as Chinjao the Drill... that attack would have definitely finished you off! Garp not only stole my wealth, but also my power! It's time to repay the grudge I've kept for thirty years!
Luffy: Are you deaf?! I told you, complain to Gramps... and not me!
Announcer: Did that do it?! Did he knock him out?! Chinjao isn't even twitching! N-No!  He's still conscious!
Chinjao: Wretched Straw Hat!
Announcer: What is he doing?! Oh, my!  Is this Chinjao's attack?! What kind of technique is this?!
Chinjao: Eight-Impact Fist!  Head-Armor Spin!
Boo: Get him, Gramps!
Sai: Gramps! Take him out in the name of the Eight-Impact Fist!
Chinjao: If you think you can stop my rage, then try!
Luffy: I don't care what happened between you and Gramps, but I have to win! Here goes! Gomu Gomu no Gatling!
Announcer: It's a one-on-one battle between Lucy and Don Chinjao, the last two fighters standing! Block C is almost over! Who will be the winner?!
Doflamingo: What are you hoping to accomplish by stalling, Law? You're still scheming something, huh?
Law: What's wrong?  Hurry up and answer!
Doflamingo: You're merciless.
Fujitora: I'm simply clumsy.
Law: Why won't you answer, Namier? I know I've got the right number!
Dwarf: It's Usoland's Haki! Incredible!
Leo: We have to secure the shelves so they don't fall over.
Leo's grandma: Leo, are you ready to go?  Want your lunch?
Leo: Grandma, there'll be food at the headquarters.
Leo's grandma: Oh, I see.
Leo: Grandma! Oh, I know! I'll just stitch down everything that could fall over! That'll do!
Leo's grandma: But you know, heroes truly are amazing! They can cause the very land to tremble with that Haki-thing of theirs!
Leo: Indeed!  Usoland is a legendary hero after all!
Leo's grandma: Oh, and Leo. I might seem fragile, but I won't fall over.
Usopp: The Tontatta Kingdom, huh? What connection do they have to Doflamingo?
Robin: Whatever the case, they're prepared to fight.
Leo: Oh, Usoland and Robiland. Are you done eating?
Usopp: Yeah, I can't eat another b... I mean, that was a perfect snack before the battle! See? I'm so excited for the fight, the very ground is trembling!
Dwarf: Amazing! His power knows no limits!
Usopp: By the way, Leo... You keep talking about a final showdown. W-Why do you want to fight Doflamingo?
Leo: What?
Dwarf: Heroes sure have a great sense of humor. Isn't it obvious?  We want to save our five hundred friends working at the factory of darkness!
Usopp: Factory? You mean the one Luffy's group went to destroy?
Robin: They must mean the Smile factory, right?
Leo: I don't know what they're forcing them to make there... but among the captives is our spiteful, selfish, mean, whimsical and quick-tempered princess, Mancherie! We have to save them!
Usopp: It sounds like that princess doesn't have a single good trait.
Leo: Yeah, but... she is one of us! Norland would have saved anyone in need, wouldn't he?
Usopp: Huh? Uh, of course!  That's what a true hero does! And of course, being his descendant, I will do the same!
Dwarf: A legendary hero through and through!
Flapper: Leo!
Leo: Flapper! Is something wrong?
Flapper: Leo, the Donquixote Family members at the palace are on the move! Chances are they're headed under the colosseum! Kabu-san's Yellow Beetle and Bian's Pink Bee are ready to go!
Leo: Understood! Let's go, Usoland and Robiland.
Usopp: Huh?!
Leo: Is everyone ready?
Dwarves: Yeah!
Leo: Even the legendary hero Usoland has appeared to lead us! Could we ask for a more reliable ally? This isn't just a miracle, it is destiny!
Usopp: Huh?
Leo: We will win this fight and save our friends!
Dwarves: Yeah!
Leo: The showdown will be beneath the colosseum in Dress Rosa! In the factory of darkness!  Let's go, everyone!
Dwarves: Yeah!
Narrator: Battles continue to rage in several locations. Usopp and Robin are finally on their way to the factory of darkness with the dwarves, in order to destroy it. The legend of Usoland, the hero who returned after four hundred years, begins now!
