Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy learned that the prize of the colosseum battle tournament was the Mera Mera Fruit, and decided to join the fight, competing against mighty foes from all over the New World.
Chinjao: Chinjao the Drill. Once I was known by that name, but not anymore. Answer me!  What did Garp do to me?!
Luffy: I keep telling you, I don't know!
Chinjao: You are that detestable Garp's grandson!  Claiming ignorance won't save you! I have cursed Garp's name for thirty years! Answer me, Straw Hat! What did Garp do to me?! What did he... steal from me?!
Franky: Hey, soldier!  What are you trying to show me? What is going on here?
Thunder Soldier: In short, this country is filled with... those who have been forgotten... and those who have forgotten them. We toys were once human! A certain Devil Fruit user Doflamingo brought with him ten years ago... changed us into toys.
Law: What's wrong?  Hurry up and answer!
Doflamingo: You're merciless.
Fujitora: I'm simply clumsy.
Law: Why won't you answer, Namier? I know I've got the right number!
Dwarf: It's Usoland's Haki! Incredible!
Usopp: See? I'm so excited for the fight, the very ground is trembling!
Dwarf: Amazing! His power knows no limits!
Usopp: By the way, Leo... You keep talking about a final showdown... W-Why do you want to fight Doflamingo?
Leo: What?
Dwarf: Heroes sure have a great sense of humor. Isn't it obvious?  We want to save our five hundred friends working at the factory of darkness!
Leo: The showdown will be beneath the colosseum in Dress Rosa! In the factory of darkness!  Let's go, everyone!
Dwarves: Yeah!
Title: Move Out Usoland the Legendary Hero
Dwarves: Usoland!  Usoland!
Usopp: Underground?
Leo: That's right. We've got an underground passage that runs from Green Bit to Dress Rosa.
Usopp: And we're going through that tunnel to meet up with your friends?
Leo: That's right.
Usopp: These guys are seriously planning to fight Doflamingo, aren't they?
Leo: Here we are!  This is the airport!
Usopp: Wow, it's an army of insects!
Robin: My, how cute.
Dwarf: Yellow Kabu, Units 43 through 48, ready for take-off. Stand by. Pink Bee, Units 21, 22, 25 and 26, proceed to runway B. Yellow Kabu Unit 43, now taking off! Unit 43 cleared for takeoff. Squadron Pink Bee, ready for takeoff! Roger that, Pink Bee. All units, stand by and await further instructions. Oh, Usoland, watch your step.
Usopp: Ah, sorry.
Leo: Kabu-san!  Bian!
Kabu: You're late, Leo!
Bian: We're ready to go! We're taking off at full speed!
Leo: I'm counting on you.
Kabu: Don't worry. We've all trained hard for this day.
Bian: Of course we have. It's for our comrades, and for Princess Mancherie!
Dwarves: Yeah!
Usopp: I've never seen insects like these before. I wish Luffy was here to see it!
Kabu: Usoland and Robiland. You're big, so you'll have to ride our twenty man buses.
Bian: Come here, Linear Foxes!
Usopp: This is great!  It's like a royal throne!
Leo: They're really fast runners.
Robin: Such a beautiful fur coat.
Leo: Now, let's go everyone! Together with our hero, Usoland! Let's go save the five hundred imprisoned Tontattans!
Dwarves: Yeah!
Usopp: They really are fast!
Gancho: There is something I must discuss... with the pair of you.
Usopp: What are you doing in there, old geezer?!
Robin: Gancho-san?!
Gancho: I-Indeed, I am Gancho, the Tonta Chief. Thank you very much for your assistance. There we go. I thought you should know, seeing as you are laying down your lives for our sake.
Usopp: Uh, we aren't necessarily gonna go that far...
Gancho: It concerns Donquixote Doflamingo, the man who causes the Tontattans such suffering. Our grudge against him goes back much further than ten years. In fact, it started around nine hundred years ago.
Usopp: What?
Narrator: Here on Dress Rosa, there is a magnificent sunflower field. At a certain, secret place amidst the gracefully blooming flowers... there is a secret underground passage. If one follows it all the way down... one can hear courageous voices.
Franky: Where does this lead?
Thunder Soldier: You'll know soon enough. Now, let me introduce you.
Dwarf: Captain! We've been waiting for you, captain!
Thunder Soldier: Well done, all of you!
Dwarf: What a strong-looking toy! What kind of big human did he use to be? A warrior befitting of our final showdown!
Thunder Soldier: They will fight alongside us. They are the dwarves of Tontatta Kingdom.
Franky: Dwarves?
Thunder Soldier: Their physical strength exceeds even yours. And they can move faster than the eye can see. In town, they are known as fairies.
Franky: So that's who stole Zoro's sword!
Wicca: C'mon!  Don't you have to get back to your ship?
Zoro: Hey, why are you letting that guy hit you, Luffy?!
Dwarf: Hey mister, we can't see anything!
Franky: Zoro?!
Wicca: Just getting here was already a lot of trouble for you. You have to get back to your ship as soon as possible! Sheesh!  You really are a dunce!
Zoro: Damn him. Why didn't he invite me to join that tournament too?! My swords are ready for some action!
Wicca: Captain!
Zoro: Franky!
Franky: What are you doing here?
Dwarf: Captain, the Reconnaissance Unit has finished gathering information. We've verified the enemy's movements, and Sugar's. Oh, and please don't be too shocked by this, but just as we were leaving for battle... Indeed!  It seems that legendary heroes have appeared at Tontatta! Their names are Usoland and Robiland! Reports say they are on their way here! Furthermore, it seems they have other companions as well! Their names are Luffyland, Zoroland, Namiland... Sanland, Chopperland, Fraland and Boneland!
Franky & Zoro: That's gotta be Usopp.
Zoro: Why would he tell a lie like this? Ummm, well, I guess I'm Zoroland then.
Franky: I'm Fraland.  Pleasure to meet you.
Dwarves: That's wonderful!
Franky & Zoro: They sure are sincere.
Zoro: Wait, I don't have time for this! I have to get back to the Sunny and help Nami and the others!
Wicca: I've been telling you that for ages!
Franky: The Sunny?
Announcer: Lucy is effortlessly dodging Don Chinjao's attacks! Sai, the incredibly popular leader of the Happou Navy, as well as the Destructive Cannon Ideo, have unexpectedly been eliminated! Is the winner going to be the eldest member of the legendary gang, Don Chinjao? Or will it be the mysterious man who has relentlessly survived to this point, Lucy?
Chinjao: Grandson of that detestable Garp! Eight-Impact Fist!  Head-Armor Spin!
Luffy: That move again? Why you... Gomu Gomu no...
Chinjao: This will blow you away!
Luffy: Jet Cannon! Gomu Gomu no...
Chinjao: This will blow you away!
Luffy: Jet Cannon!
Announcer: What just happened?!
Luffy: Jet Whip!
Kin'emon: Get him, Luffy-dono!
Sanji: Don't start cheering him on, like everyone else!
Kin'emon: Do you not see, Sanji-dono? Once a man has accepted a fight, he must win!
Sanji: Didn't you say your friend was being held in the Toys' House?  Shouldn't you save him?
Kin'emon: Oh, that is true!
Cavendish & Bartolomeo: Burgess!
Burgess: This fight is getting pretty entertaining, huh? Who's the runt?
Doflamingo: So, what will you do? There's no escape for you now.
Caesar: Hey, Joker! Before you finish him off, could you to take something from him? My heart!  Law stole my heart! Who knows what he'll do to me if I don't get it back!
Law: Room! Shambles!
Doflamingo: You brat!
Giolla: You're just wasting your time! There is no resisting art! Blow Kung-Fu Art!
Nami: What is with this smoke?! Here goes... Weather Egg! Create a snow-cloud! Aaah!  How disgusting! The Clima-Tact has been turned into a toy!
Giolla: How rude! Who are you calling a supermodel?!
Nami: I never said that!
Giolla: What do you mean, toy?! Don't compare my art to toys!  Are you blind? It is true, one of our family is capable of turning people into toys... but I ate the Art Art Fruit.  I am an art-woman! You have been transformed into works of art!
Nami: Art?!
Chopper: Damn it!  Even Nami's been defeated! Neither my horns or hoofs can do anything like this.
Momonosuke: Sir Bones!  She is after me!
Brook: I know!  We won't let her take you. But look at this. My Soul Solid is completely useless now!
Giolla: Why are you acting like the victims here? You should rejoice at having been turned into works of art! But more importantly, you completely ruined my ship and hurt my subordinates. You will pay for that! What sort of artistic death would suit you best, I wonder?
Chopper: Hello, it's me.  Who's there?! We're in serious trouble right now!  Please, help us!
Giolla: Did I tell you that you could answer that?!
Brook: You go, Chopper-san!
Law: Tonyer, huh? Never mind that, just listen to me!
Chopper: Huh?  Traf, is that you?
Giolla: Is that Law?
Nami: What are you doing, Traf?! Please hurry and come back to the ship!
Brook: We've been made into art!  Help us!
Momonosuke: I... I am not the least bit worried!
Law: Listen up, you have to... set sail for Green Bit right now! I'm leaving Caesar in your care! I don't have time to explain the situation.  Just get to Green Bit now!
Chopper: He just made an unreasonable demand and hung up on us!
Brook: I thought he was handing over Caesar-san?
Nami: What's with him?! He just ignored our problems and made demands! Does he think he's Luffy?!
Momonosuke: I... am c-c-completely fine!
Chopper: I have a really bad feeling about this!
Nami: What is going on?! I've had enough of this!
Doflamingo: Bullet Thread! You're wasting your time, Law. Who did you call, just now? Give Caesar's heart to me. Resistance is utterly pointless. Your partner, Straw Hat, has already taken the bait I laid for him. He's participating in the tournament at the colosseum right now. It's a battle royale of outlaws from all over the seas. The losers are sent straight to hell. He'll never make it out of that colosseum alive. Your alliance is finished. Law. It's time to give up.
Narrator: Chinjao's past and the reason for his grudge become clear. The final battle in Block C finally reaches its climax. Luffy and Chinjao both put their conviction into one final attack... and when they collide, heaven and earth tremble!
