Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy learned that the prize of the colosseum battle tournament was the Mera Mera Fruit, and decided to join the fight, competing against mighty foes from all over the New World. Meanwhile, in the Dwarves' Tontatta Kingdom located under Green Bit...
Leo: Now, let's go everyone! Together with our hero, Usoland! Let's save the five hundred Tontattans who have been imprisoned!
Gancho: It concerns Donquixote Doflamingo, the man who causes the Tontattans such suffering. Our grudge against him goes back much further than ten years. In fact, it started around nine hundred years ago.
Narrator: Furthermore, in the Royal Riku Army's Anti-Doflamingo Force's headquarters...
Zoro: Hey, why are you letting that guy hit you, Luffy?! Damn him. Why didn't he invite me to join that tournament too?! My swords are ready for some action!
Doflamingo: Give Caesar's heart to me. Resistance is utterly pointless. Your partner, Straw Hat, has already taken the bait I laid for him. He'll never make it out of that colosseum alive. Your alliance is over. Law. Time to give up.
Title: The Battle's Climax Lucy VS Chinjao
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Chinjao: Eight Impact Fist!
Luffy: Jet Pistol! Gomu Gomu no... Jet Gatling! Gomu Gomu no... Jet Stamp Gatling!
Chinjao: Simple-minded fool!
Audience: Get him, Lucy! Knock him out, Chinjao!
Announcer: It's an intense exchange of punches and kicks! What a duel! They're moving so fast, I can't even tell what's happening! That said, we can still feel the intensity! There is no doubt, we are watching... one of the most impressive battles ever fought in this colosseum!
Chinjao: Well, well... You're quite strong.
Luffy: So are you.
Chinjao: What?! What did you just call me?! You're saying I'm strong?! Don't mock me!
Luffy: What?!  I just said you're strong!
Chinjao: And by doing so, you are mocking me! The way I am now, I am nothing but a wolf who has lost his fangs. Or to be precise, a bald old man who's lost his drill! You could never understand my misery. My frustration... My regrets... My sadness... You can't understand any of it!
Luffy: Well, duh!  You just attack me all the time without telling me anything!
Chinjao: Are you that desperate to know how I ended up this way?
Luffy: Uh, no.  I don't really care.
Chinjao: If you want to know that badly, then I'll tell you as a parting gift before sending you to hell. It happened thirty years ago...
Man: What is up with this ice? Fire won't melt it, and our pickaxes can't break it! There's an enormous pirate hoard in plain sight right underneath the ice!
Chinjao: Tools like that won't put a scratch on the ice, not even if you work at it for a hundred years. This continent is made up of what's known as Crystal Ice, and in order to break it... you have to strike it with tremendous force in a single, concentrated spot. Drilling Dragon, Drilling Nail! Open, Chinjao! Is my treasure trove to your liking, filthy thieves? Tie up these thieves and throw them into the sea.
Pirate: Yes, Boss!
Chinjao: My entire fortune and happiness... Everything I value in life lies within this ice chamber. All the joys and sorrows of my past, all my hopes for the future, and all the treasure my clan has been gathering for hundreds of years. My drill head is the only key that can open this chamber. None can get in here!  Not even the Navy!
Garp: Hey, Chinjao. Today, I intend to shatter your head once and for all. I use mountains as punching bags and shattered eight of them to train myself for this.
Chinjao: It doesn't matter what you do. Nothing in this world is harder than my head!
Garp: Grit your teeth, Chinjao!
Chinjao: I'm going to smash that fist you're so proud of, Garp!
Pirates: Boss!
Marines: He did it!
Pirate: Retreat! All ships, fall back! Boss! Boss, I'm so glad you're alright!
Chinjao: My drill! Where's my drill?! Where is it?! Open, Chinjao! Drilling Dragon, Drilling Nail! Open, Chinjao! Drilling Dragon, Drilling Nail! Open! Drilling Dragon, Drilling Nail! Open! Drilling Dragon, Drilling Nail!
Pirate: Boss! Boss, please stop! You're gonna kill yourself!
Chinjao: Open!  Open! It won't open. What should I do?! That's my treasure down there! I can see it right there! The spoils from my entire life... All my wealth! Garp, I despise you!  I will never forgive you! I will curse your entire family, right down to your grandchildren's generation! I will get my revenge! Not long after that, I gave up being a pirate. Having lost my strength, my heart was in tatters. I was but a shell of my former self, and could do nothing except watch the years pass by. Still... To think that I would encounter Garp's grandson in a place like this! This must be fate! One way or another, I will defeat you here and make you atone for your grandfather's sins! This must be fate! One way or another, I will defeat you here and make you atone for your grandfather's sins!
Luffy: What're you on about? Gramps is Gramps, and I'm me!
Chinjao: It's the same thing to me!
Luffy: I refuse to lose to someone like you! I have my own goals! I'll definitely get Ace's Fruit, and someday I'll be the Pirate King!
Chinjao: Don't make me laugh! You don't stand a chance! All you foolish youngsters from the so-called "worst generation" have let that title go to your heads. You could never survive the seas we fought against. Now that Whitebeard is dead, we stand at the turning point of an era. About the only one I can think of who might come out on top, would be Blackbeard Teach.
Luffy: Blackbeard?!
Chinjao: You don't have any chance of becoming a legend! You can't even defeat me, weak as I am now. You should give up being a pirate! Armor-Head Spin! Wild Dance!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Hawk Rifle!
Announcer: Lucy's making his move!
Chinjao: I'm not done yet! Not bad, but I can't believe that someone as great as Rayleigh... chose a little kid like you to be a flag bearer for this new era. He's really lost his touch. I must commend the Navy for taking out the devil's offspring, Ace, in the war two years ago... and ripping that evil out at its roots. Do you really think you can defeat both the Navy Admirals and the Four Emperors, and surpass Roger? There is no way that will ever happen!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Rocket!
Announcer: Lucy flew into the air! What a jump!
Chinjao: Just you try!  I will give you your baptism! I will put thirty years of rage against Garp into this one attack... and put my very soul at stake to beat you, Straw Hat Luffy!
Audience: What is that?
Announcer: Is this some sort of illusion?! Lucy's arm looks enormous!
Chinjao: Just you watch, Garp! I'm about to take your precious grandson's life! Repent! Your grandfather's fist took everything away from me!
Luffy: All this because of one punch?! He hit me in the head more times than I can count!
Chinjao: I'll shatter every bone in your body to dust! Eight Impact Fist Secret Technique!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Thor...
Chinjao: Non-Drilling Dragon...
Luffy: Elephant Gun!
Chinjao: Non-Drilling Nail!
Sai: Gramps!
Boo: Grandpa!
Announcer: Oh!  He's out of the ring! Chinjao has fallen out of the ring, and is disqualified! What a man! The victor of Block C's fierce battle royale, who has just defeated a legend... is Lucy the Gladiator!
Luffy: Alright!
Audience: Lucy!  Lucy!
Announcer: Who could have guessed that Lucy would make it this far? Truly a shocking outcome!
Cavendish: "Lucy" my ass!  I can't stand all this cheering! Everyone still loves you even when you conceal your identity! But now you must leave the ring! This time, there will be no escape, Straw Hat!
Bartolomeo: Didn't you hear me? I won't let you have him, Cavendish.
Cavendish: If you get in my way, I'll kill you too, Bartolomeo.
Bartolomeo: I'd like to see you try!
Cavendish: I will kill Straw Hat!
Burgess: Straw Hat?
Announcer: How long will he be able to continue his winning streak? Who will claim the glory of victory and the Mera Mera Fruit?!
Burgess: Intriguing!  So that's how it is!
Narrator: Having conquered Block C, Luffy reunites with the mysterious gladiator girl, Rebecca. The two of them step into the dark depths of Dress Rosa, where Luffy learns of Rebecca's sad, cruel destiny.
