Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy learned that the prize of the colosseum battle tournament was the Mera Mera Fruit, and decided to join the fight, competing against mighty foes from all over the New World.
Luffy: All this because of one punch?! He hit me in the head more times than I can count!
Chinjao: I'll shatter every bone in your body to dust! Eight Impact Fist Secret Technique!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Thor...
Chinjao: Non-Drilling Dragon...
Luffy: Elephant Gun!
Chinjao: Non-Drilling Nail!
Announcer: What a man! The victor of Block C's fierce battle royale, who just defeated a legend... is Lucy the Gladiator!
Luffy: Alright!
Title: Luffy and Rebecca The Fated Gladiator
Announcer: The battle royale at Corrida Colosseum continues! Currently, three fighters have won the right to challenge the Donquixote Family! The victor of Block A, the Blackbeard Pirates' "Champion", Jesus Burgess! From Block B we have the captain of the Barto Club Pirates, Bartolomeo the Cannibal! And from Block C... Our very own gladiator, Lucy! Only one more finalist remains to be selected! However, due to the massive damage done to the arena, we will postpone the start of Block D for fifteen minutes!
Audience: Bring out a replacement arena! Fix it already!
Announcer: Please be patient until the Block D fight begins!
Cavendish: Straw Hat! There's nowhere for you to run now!
Luffy: Cabbage?!
Cavendish: Durandal! Stand still!
Warrior: Hey, cut it out! Cavendish's lost it again!
Bartolomeo: That lowlife!
Warrior: What's going on? He shouted "Straw Hat" again. Oh yeah, Straw Hat. Wasn't he that pirate who failed to save his brother at Marineford? As if not saving someone is special!  I can do that too, you know. W-W-Whad're you doin'?!  Cut i' out! I am a noble from the Kingdom of Biggschots! S-Stop it! You're crushing me!
Bartolomeo: Do you have any idea who you were just casually laughing at?! Now listen up!  Straw Hat Luffy-senpai is the man who will someday stand at the very top of this era! He is the future Pirate King! I was there... on that fateful day, over two years ago! It was Loguetown in East Blue! On the legendary execution stand, where the Pirate King Roger himself died! Trapped in a hopeless position, that man declared...
Luffy: I'm the man who will be the Pirate King!
Bartolomeo: And in that moment, the heavens... ...brought down the lightning, and saved him!
Luffy: I survived after all! Awesome!
Bartolomeo: I witnessed a miracle! Ever since that day, I fanatically read everything I could about the Straw Hat Pirates. Alabasta, Enies Lobby, Impel Down... And last but not least, the fateful events at Marineford! That incident sent shivers down my spine!
Dude: Boss!  What should we do with the enemy soldiers we just defeated?
Bartolomeo: Just throw'em in the sea. Back where I lived, I was just a crimelord who's turf covered a measly one hundred and fifty towns. I looked up to Luffy-senpai. And finally, I set out to sea myself! Just try to say something like that again! You put your pathetic existence on a pedestal, and act like you're looking down on Luffy-senpai! Did I hear that right?! What can you do?  You pathetic insect!
Warrior: Now Bartolomeo's gone crazy too!
Cavendish: Let go!
Luffy: As if!
Cavendish: I said let go, damn you!
Luffy: Why should I have to fight you in the first place?! I'm exhausted!
Warrior: Hey!  Somebody stop them! I'm not getting involved!  It's too dangerous!
Bartolomeo: Y-Yeah, there's no way I could go up to him! I'm chickening out and losing my chance! I'm just too nervous to approach him! That scar underneath his eye... He's the real deal! He's so friggin' cool! Huh?  My eyes are tearing up so much I can't see. How I wish I could kill that filthy cabbage and protect my hero! Hey you!  Gedh awah fwom him, cab... It's no good, I almost bit my tongue off!
Chinjao: Straw Hat!
Sai: Listen up! Gramps has something he wants to say to you.
Boo: Hang in there, Grandpa!
Luffy: Huh?  You're still doing this?!  Look, I won fair and square!
Chinjao: You've got it wrong! I don't even hate Garp any more. I want to convey my immense gratitude! Please, just let me thank... Wait, grandson of Garp!
Cavendish: Hold it, Straw Hat!
Bartolomeo: He ran straight past me! Um, wait!
Cavendish: Hey, don't run away from a fight!
Bartolomeo: W-W-W-What do I do? I wanna talk to him, but I just don't know how! Please, wait!
Chinjao: I wanted to show my gratitude for putting my head back to normal... by offering to make  my grandchildren's Happou Navy serve you. Wait!
Luffy: What is with all these guys?  They're so persistent!
Chinjao: Wait!
Cavendish: Hold it!
Bartolomeo: Please, wait!
Luffy: Really... I just want to relax for a bit.
Rebecca: This way, Lucy.
Luffy: Oh, it's you!  Um...
Rebecca: It's Rebecca.  You sure have a lot of enemies. Follow me.
Luffy: Right, thanks!
Blackbeard: Well, you could say the same about Shiliew.
Burgess: But I don't trust Aokiji. Oh, hold on, Captain. Straw Hat's here.
Blackbeard: Oh, you're there too? Straw Hat?
Luffy: You! So you're... Blackbeard?!
Blackbeard: Long time no see, Straw Hat! I sure was surprised when I heard that you were Commander Ace's little brother! Shouldn't you be there? They're gonna start soon, ya know? Your brother's execution, that is!
Luffy: Blackbeard?
Blackbeard: That's right.  It's been a while, hasn't it? So I understand you're participating in the tournament, "Lucy"? But my man, Burgess, is going to win the Mera Mera Fruit! It's almost like Ace is joining my crew. It's going to be great! I mean, he refused the offer last time, after all!
Luffy: You're the last person I'd let have Ace's power!
Burgess: I look forward to fighting you!
Rebecca: Let's go. Lucy?
Luffy: Right.
Rebecca: You know that pirate?
Luffy: Yeah. I can't let him win the tournament! Don't you have any more free samples, lady?
Rebecca: Hang on! I'm so sorry, Miss. What do you want, Lucy?
Luffy: You're gonna buy me food?! Looks delicious! I'm digging in!
Rebecca: Sorry I couldn't afford much.
Luffy: Don't worry.  Thanks for treating me, Rebecca. So, where are we?
Rebecca: This is the dormitory for the colosseum gladiators. Though some people would call it a prison. Guest competitors never come down here, so you can relax here until the finals.
Luffy: Really?  That's great!
Rebecca: That was some fight. You're a lot stronger than I expected. Is it good?
Luffy: Yup.  The colosseum-lunch is delicious! You're not hungry?
Rebecca: Mother, I'm hungry.
Scarlett: I know.  We haven't had anything to eat for two days. Rebecca, can you manage on your own for a little while?
Rebecca: No, I... I don't get hungry.
Luffy: Really?  You're like a samurai.
Prisoner: Got you!  Rebecca, this is your chance to kill him!
Luffy: What?!
Prisoner: Isn't that why you brought him down here?!
Luffy: Hey, what's going on here, Rebecca?!
Prisoner: Hurry up!
Luffy: H-Hey!  You'll spill the food!
Prisoner: Kill him! What's wrong? You have to kill him, or you'll never accomplish your goal!
Luffy: Goal?
Prisoner: Rebecca was pinned! I can't believe he moves faster than she does!
Rebecca: Do whatever you want. I deserve it.
Luffy: I wouldn't do anything to the person who bought me lunch.
Rebecca: I tried to kill you!
Luffy: It doesn't matter.  I'm not dead. Besides, you weren't really trying to kill me.
Prisoner: Ow... How could he forgive you so easily? That really shows the difference in power between you two, Rebecca. We would've had a little hope, at least, if we'd been able to take out one of the big shots here.
Luffy: A mummy?!
Prisoner: We're not mummies! We're the prisoner gladiators. Rebecca is one of us too. We have to keep fighting in the arena until we're killed for the amusement of the audience. All because we showed some slight resistance toward the Doflamingo Family. The king says we can earn our freedom by winning a thousand matches... but even the most talented fighter would lose if he was forced to fight to the death a thousand times. And anyone who tries to escape is shot to death. There's no way out for us. Ten years ago, before Doflamingo became king, colosseum battles weren't fought to the death. But under his rule, the country has become sharply divided between light and shadow.
Rebecca: I... will win the tournament today, whatever it takes... and use the Mera Mera Fruit's power to kill Doflamingo! Today, Soldier-san's army is going to challenge Doflamingo... in order to free us. He intends to sacrifice his own life... to bring down this kingdom!
Thunder Soldier: It's alright! Soldier-san is valiant... and he will always watch over you!
Rebecca: I will do it before he can! I'm tired of always being protected! This time, I'm going to protect him!
Narrator: One night, a great tragedy befell Dress Rosa. Rebecca lost everyone she loved, and lived through her cruel fate with a one-legged soldier. The story behind their strong bond is revealed at last.
