Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy learned that the prize of the colosseum battle tournament was the Mera Mera Fruit, and decided to join the fight, competing against mighty foes.
Rebecca: I've had enough of being protected all the time! This time, I want to protect him! Soldier-san's gonna die.
Luffy: Soldier?
Rebecca: The toy soldier with one leg.
Luffy: A toy?
Soldier: Oh, pardon me old man! Shall I carry your luggage for you? Hmm? You find me funny?
Luffy: I met a guy like that at the entrance to the colosseum.
Rebecca: Yeah, that's probably him.
Gladiator: We can't leave this colosseum. Even if something's going on outside, there's nothing we can do.
Luffy: So you're worried about a toy dying? I think it's stranger that a toy's alive to begin with.
Rebecca: Since you're an outsider, you probably wouldn't understand. They're no different from humans like us. They befriend people who are lonely. Look after people with no siblings. And become lovers for the loveless. We're so close, I don't understand why we can't live together. Ever since I lost my mother, the last family I had, Soldier-san's has been there to raise me. He's like a father to me.
Luffy: Hmm, so that toy...
Announcer: Sorry to keep you all waiting! The broken ring has been replaced!
Gladiator: Your match is about to start, Rebecca.
Rebecca: Hey, what are you doing, Lucy?!
Luffy: During that scuffle earlier, some food fell on the floor. Sorry.  You spent all the money you had on these, so I don't want it to go to waste. They're still good though, even though they've been on the ground! You don't look like a prisoner to me. Buy me lunch again sometime.
Rebecca: Let's meet in the finals.
Luffy: Yeah, good luck!
Staff: The match is about to start! Block D participants, to the ring!
Participant: I'm pumped!  The Mera Mera Fruit is gonna be mine. Sure, sure.  Talk is cheap.
Rebecca: Mother! Mother, look at all the flowers I picked.
Scarlett: My!  Aren't they beautiful, Rebecca.
Rebecca: Would you like one?
Scarlett: Thank you, I think I'll take one. This is from mother to you. Now, let us go.
Rebecca: Yeah. Today, I was able to sell all the flowers.
Scarlett: Yeah.  Perhaps they bought them because you're so cute.
Rebecca: Thank you for the meal.
Scarlett: You're welcome.  Eat up. You must be tired after walking all around town.
Rebecca: Yeah, I'm very hungry.  My tummy was growling. This tastes good!
Scarlett: Doesn't it?
Citizen: The Riku royal army has set the village on fire! Please stop! What has gotten into the king?!
Scarlett: The royal palace... it's burning. What's happening to this country?
Grunt: Don't let them get away!
Guard: Please keep running, Scarlett-sama!
Grunt: Who's this midget, get outta the way!
Soldier: Keep running!  Get as far as you can!
Rebecca: Mother, I'm hungry.
Scarlett: I know.  We haven't had anything to eat for two days.
Rebecca: Rebecca, can you manage on your own for a little while? Promise you won't leave this place. I'll go get us something to eat. Okay. Mother?
Soldier: I-I couldn't protect her. I'm sorry, I couldn't protect your mother. She wanted me to give you this. She said... that you were waiting with an empty stomach.
Rebecca: Mother, I'm hungry.
Scarlett: I'll go get us something to eat.
Rebecca: Mother, mother, mother!
Grunt: There were blood stains on the staircase. They must be around here somewhere. Find them!
Soldier: I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry! Eat this. I-If you don't, I'll eat it instead. Here I go, I'm really gonna eat it. Your mother was a very important person. Did you know that a new king has taken the throne in this land? He's trying to catch all the important people from before. Since you're the daughter of your important mother, they're trying to catch you as well. I couldn't protect your mother, but I'll protect you with my life. Until the day you can find true happiness, I'll always be by your side.
Rebecca: I want my mother. You couldn't protect my mother.  I hate you!
Soldier: How about this?  How about this? How about this? Where are you going, Rebecca?!
Rebecca: I'm going home!
Soldier: You can't. The new king has agents waiting for you  in town and at your house.
Citizen: Doflamingo-sama! Doflamingo, Doflamingo!
Doflamingo: For hundreds of years, the Riku royal family has brought suffering upon this poor country! And finally, they've tried to steal what little money their subjects had, just to satisfy their own greed! I'm going to bring wealth to this country!
Worker: So toys can work too?
Soldier: I need the money. Rebecca! Boo!
Rebecca: You idiot!
Soldier: Look at how sturdy I am. I'm a sturdy and strong super toy! Soldier-san is valiant... and he will always watch over you. It must be cold. Though I can't feel anything with this tin body of mine.
Rebecca: Does it feel warm?
Soldier: Yes, it feels very warm. Soldier-san is valiant... and he will always watch over you. How much is the rent for this house?
Old Man: It's abandoned, so you can just use it. This area was ransacked by the Riku royal army. So most of the residents have left.
Rebecca: This house is warm.
Soldier: You should close the window.
Rebecca: No. There are toys here as well.
Soldier: Children as well.  Go and play with them. We're safe here. Since people are watching us in this village,  I'll have to abide by the laws for toys. So I'll have to go to the Toys' House when you go to sleep, but I'll definitely be back before you wake up. As proof that I'm always by your side, I'll drop a single flower petal through the gap in the window every morning.
Rebecca: Good morning, Soldier-san.
Soldier: Ah, good morning. You've done it now.
Rebecca: A lot of these clothes would suit you, Soldier-san. So cute! So cool!
Soldier: I don't need to wear clothes though. You should pick some of them for yourself.
Rebecca: Yay! Here!
Worker: You work really hard for someone so small.
Soldier: I need the money.
Worker: H-Hey!
Soldier: I need the money. Happy birthday, Rebecca.
Rebecca: This tastes so good.
Child: Rebecca, try catching my ball! How's that?!
Soldier: Hey there!
Rebecca: Do you need something from me?
Child: Um... Please take this!
Soldier: Hey there!
Child: N-No way! Bye bye.
Criminal: She must be an orphan. So the family won't be a problem.
Soldier: Rebecca! Rebecca!  Where are you?! Rebecca, Rebecca!
Criminal: She's pretty cute, so we'll probably get a good price for her.
Soldier: Rebecca! Rebecca!
Criminal: Hey, there's a weird toy chasing after us.
Soldier: Rebecca!
Rebecca: Soldier-san!
Criminal: Ignore him, there's no way he can catch us. Damn you, how dare a toy go against humans! I'll break you!
Rebecca: Soldier-san!
Soldier: Rebecca! Forgive me.  I've become a wanted man.
Rebecca: Then we're the same. Let's look for another house. I want to live in the same house as you, one day.
Soldier: I'm gonna teach you how to fight.
Rebecca: That's okay, I've got you to protect me.
Soldier: And what do you plan to do if something happens to me? Now come at me.
Rebecca: Mother said that it's bad to hurt people.
Soldier: I'm teaching you this so that you don't get hurt. Now.
Rebecca: I don't want to anymore.
Soldier: Go and get your sword. Here I come! Listen, this isn't a game. Faster!  Use the lower half of your body. We're gonna train like this everyday.
Rebecca: You were always by my side. You protected me time and time again.
Announcer: Here she comes! Are you ready, everyone?! Our colosseum's very own beautiful female gladiator. The phantom princess! No one gets the audience worked up like she does.
Rebecca: Please don't die, Soldier-san. I...
Audience: Screw you, Rebecca! Today's the day you die! The entire Riku family can burn in hell! Your family is scum!
Rebecca: ...won't lose!
Luffy: Why does everyone hate her? She's a good person! Screw them, she bought me lunch-
Gladiator: We know! But Rebecca's grandfather  is hated by the entire country. He's the previous King.
Narrator: Amidst all the boos, Block D's gong finally rings. Rebecca fights desperately against all the participants that are after her life. And the revolution that will decide Dress Rosa's fate begins.
