Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy learned that the prize of the colosseum battle tournament was the Mera Mera Fruit, and decided to join the fight, competing against mighty foes.
Rebecca: Please don't die, Soldier-san. I... ...won't lose!
Audience: Just die, Rebecca! You foul blooded wench! Drop dead, Rebecca! Today's the day you die! You're the shame of Dress Rosa! Set her on fire! That'll make up for her pyromaniac grandfather!
Announcer: Block D of Coridda Colosseum's battle royale! The audience is really worked up by the arrival of the phantom princess, Rebecca!
Luffy: Who cares if she's his granddaughter? She's got nothing to do with what her grandfather did.
Prisoner: Yeah, that's right. I'm surprised that you understand that. Her grandfather may be the former king who betrayed the entire kingdom, But Rebecca is our star of hope.
Luffy: Star of hope?
Prisoner: Yeah.  Rebecca, like everyone else down here, has been fighting for her life, in order to escape this bottomless pit we've been plunged into. As you can see, we lack the strength to do it. But Rebecca is still unharmed, so maybe... I mean, harmed or not, she's the only one who can give us hope. If she wins and acquires the Mera Mera Fruit, then our situation might get better too.
Audience: Just die!
Participant: Everybody in the country hates you, Rebecca-chan. Despite that cute face, people hate you even more than Bartolomeo from Block B. That's true.
Audience: Just die, Rebecca! Everyone in your family is corrupt!
Cavendish: That's enough!
Announcer: Oh, who's entering the ring now?!
Cavendish: What an ill mannered crowd! I don't even want to look at you! Have you no shame?
Announcer: Captain of the Beautiful Pirates, Cavendish the White Horse makes his entrance!
Audience: Cavendish-sama! Ahh, what beauty! Hey, get a hold of yourself.
Announcer: All the ladies in the audience are fainting!
Audience: His stunning good looks have not faded in the last three years! Cavendish-sama, kill that girl! Put Rebecca in her place!
Cavendish: Shut up, the lot of you! I don't know what grudge you have against her... but this young girl is putting her life on the line by standing in this ring. People who don't have the guts to risk their lives have no right to judge her! If you want to kill her so much, then get a weapon and come into the ring! The shouts of people with no resolve are nothing but background noise! I entered this tournament for my own reasons, but I hate these events! The life of a warrior isn't something to gawk at! Good work, Farul.
Participant: Why did he come here with a horse and a megaphone?
Luffy: Yeah, you tell them, Cabbage! Maybe you aren't all bad... but I still don't like you.
Audience: Cavendish-sama! What a beautiful person! Who cares about Rebecca?! We're rooting for you! Cavendish!
Announcer: What incredible charisma he has! He turned a storm of booing into cheers!
Participant: I understand how you feel. This probably isn't what you wanted, right? It must piss you off how easily they change their minds. The audience are a selfish bunch.  Your speech won't really-
Cavendish: I'm so popular! It makes me so happy!
Participant: You're happy?!
Cavendish: It's been three years.
Rebecca: Umm... Thank you for standing up for me.
Cavendish: Don't mention it.  I was genuinely disgusted by them. You must have it hard. You don't owe me anything, we are enemies now.
Rebecca: Yes.
Cavendish: That aside, there should be a reporter or two around here somewhere. I don't know what I would do if that got into the newspaper. Imagine what would happen if they tried to interview me! "Hello there, Mr. Superstar!" I'd be like, "Who's Mr. Superstar?" Just imagine!
Announcer: Now, while all that was happening, all the participants have finished entering in the ring! One contender has dropped out, so Block D has 137 participants! This is a battle royale between these warriors! It is time for the starting gong!
Cavendish: Now then...
Audience: Cavendish-sama! Decapitate someone, Suleiman! Get 'em, Orlumbus! Drop dead, Rebecca!
Rebecca: I hope you're seeing this, Soldier-san.
Law: I'm not interested in your past, but the only ones who can use the World Government to deceive us are the Celestial Dragons.
Doflamingo: So what about it? Your pitiful attempts to stall me end here, Law.
Law: You said the roots run deeper.  What did you mean by that?
Doflamingo: If you want me to answer, then hand over Caesar. And his heart while you're at it.
Law: Is Caesar... No, are the Smiles that important to you? They must be. Without the Smiles, Kaidou would wipe you out and everything would end. Room! Shambles!
Doflamingo: Damn brat! Fujitora?
Fujitora: Sorry about this.
Doflamingo: What are you doing?
Fujitora: I'll have you leave it at that, Celestial Yaksha My objective is... not to kill him, but to capture him.
Doflamingo: Whatever. I'll be taking Caesar's heart, Law. Oh yeah, you wanted to know what I meant by the roots running deep, didn't you? I guess I'll tell you.
Captain: Dress Rosa Flower Hill Anti Doflamingo Organization King Riku's Army Rebellion Headquarters
Gancho: Hey!
Leo: I brought the legendary heroes, Usoland and Robiland!
Franky: Usopp, Robin!
Leo: Yellow Kabu and Pink Bee squads have arrived from Green Bit.
Soldier: Good work, Leo.
Leo: The time has come, captain.
Soldier: This battle is to restore the honor of King Riku, who was dethroned in shame ten years ago, and to regain our freedom! I will never forget that man's tyranny when he came here and stole everything! We've spent a year preparing for this. Even if we're up against a Warlord's crew, we still have a chance!
Usopp: I'll listen carefully to the plan, and figure out the best time to run away.
Wicca: We have to turn left soon, Zoroland. Left is the side that you don't have your swords on.
Zoro: Do you think I don't know left from right?!
Wicca: Yes! Your ship is being attacked by a female commander of the Donquixote Family, Giolla. She uses art to incapacitate her opponents.  She is quite a formidable foe.
Zoro: You know a lot about her.
Wicca: I know the names, faces and powers of all of the Family's commanders. Especially the top three commanders who annihilated Dress Rosa's army all on their own. Trébol, Diamante and Pica. There's no way I could ever forget their faces.
Zoro: Ten years ago? Just how old are you?
Wicca: I'm twenty-seven years old.
Zoro: T-Twenty-seven?!
Sanji: That's...
Wicca: This way!
Kin'emon: Zoro-dono!  Zoro-dono!  Over here! Hey!
Sanji: You're being too loud, you idiot!
Wicca: Who's that?  They're acting like they know us.
Zoro: Swirly-Eyebrowland and Topknotland.
Sanji: What?! You're going to save Nami-san? Then she really is in danger. No wonder she wasn't picking up the Snail Phone. Alright, I'm going too!
Kin'emon: Wait, Sanji-dono. We're here to inform Luffy-dono of the situation, remember?
Violet: Black Leg.
Sanji: My precious Violet-chan!
Zoro: I hope you get passionately stabbed.
Violet: Your ship has been captured by Giolla. And now it's headed for Green Bit!
Announcer: Now, who's going to be the one to win Block D?!
Rebecca: I can't afford to lose. I will win, no matter what I have to do. Then I will use the Mera Mera Fruit to kill Doflamingo.
Participant: Let's kill Rebecca first. Good idea.
Rebecca: And this time, I'll be the one to protect Soldier-san.
Participant: The despised Rebecca-chan. If I beat you, I'll become a hero in this country.
Luffy: Those guys are playing dirty. Are they planning to attack Rebecca five against one?
Prisoner: Yeah, but this is what usually happens when Rebecca enters a battle. Among all those powerful men, Rebecca is usually the only woman. Plus, all of the spectators who come to the colosseum want to see Rebecca lose. It's natural for Rebecca to be the first target.
Luffy: Go for it, Rebecca! Don't lose! Go, Rebecca!
Participant: Let's have some fun, Rebecca-chan. You can strike back, you know. Are you that confident?! What?! Don't mock me! Damn it! Damn you! You're playing dirty, Rebecca! Show us some blood! Kill each other!
Soldier: I'm gonna teach you how to fight.
Rebecca: Mother said that it's bad to hurt people.
Participant: Damn you! Is evading all you can do?
Soldier: I'm teaching you this so that you don't get hurt.
Participant: What?!
Soldier: On your feet, Rebecca!  Be strong!
Participant: Damn you, stop jumping around! Don't screw with me!
Luffy: Go, Rebecca! Keep at it!
Rebecca: I... won't lose!
Narrator: Law learns a shocking truth from Doflamingo. Chopper's group, who have been turned into art, make a comeback from the brink of total defeat. The final battle with Giolla for control of the Sunny is about to begin!
Luffy: Next time, on One Piece:
Preview Title: Decisive Battle Giolla VS The Straw Hat Crew
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
