Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy learned that the prize of the colosseum battle tournament was the Mera Mera Fruit, and decided to join the fight, competing against mighty foes from all over the New World.
Doflamingo: Fujitora?
Fujitora: Sorry about this.
Doflamingo: What are you doing?
Fujitora: I'll have you leave it at that, Celestial Yaksha. My objective is... not to kill him, but to capture him.
Doflamingo: Oh yeah, you wanted to know what I meant by the roots running deep, didn't you? I guess I'll tell you.
Title: Decisive Battle! Giolla VS The Straw Hat Crew
Doflamingo: Long ago... To be precise, eight hundred years ago, Law. Twenty kings from twenty countries assembled at the center of the world... and created a single organization. That organization is now known as the World Government. The founding kings brought their families to live in the Holy Land, Mariejoa. Though the Nefertari family from Alabasta refused so it was only nineteen families... but those nineteen families still live there to this day and reign over the world. The descendants of those founding kings are known as the Celestial Dragons. In other words, eight hundred years ago those nineteen countries lost their royal families. Figured it out yet? Naturally, those countries elected new rulers, and new royal families were born. Take Dress Rosa for example. The new royal family here was the Riku family. Whereas the family who moved to the Holy Land Mariejoa and founded the Government... was the Donquixote family.
Law: You mean you're...
Brook: This is so much fun! Such a beautiful marriage between the music and art of the ocean!  Yeah!
Giolla: I like the way you talk!
Nami: Stop the ship! You're not heading for Green Bit, are you?!
Giolla: Law has quite a shock in store for him! He's expecting you, but I shall be the one who comes to fetch Caesar!
Chopper: Brook's acting strange.  How could he betray us?
Momonosuke: And yet you call yourself a swordsman, Sir Bone?!
Brook: I have found myself! I am an artist through and through. Creating beautiful art is what I live for! ...though I'm not alive.
Giolla: Don't bother trying to explain! These commoners will never understand, Soul King! Your true passion is for expressing yourself!  They can never understand that. Behold the Art of Life, Dying Art!
Brook: Simply exquisite, Giolla-san!
Nami: Nooo!
Chopper: Help!
Momonosuke: This does not hurt!
Giolla: You needn't say a thing!  I know I have flawlessly portrayed the tragedy that occurred on Dress Rosa. These noisy children should merge completely with the art within ten minutes' time... and then they shall be silent forever more!
Nami: What?!
Chopper: Brook!
Momonosuke: Sir Bone!
Brook: Truly amazing!  Please let me add some music!
Giolla: If you would, Soul King.
Brook: Naturally! Could you please restore my violin and bow, Giolla-san?
Giolla: But of course.  Now make me proud, Brother!
Brook: Wow!  Wonderful!
Nami: Nooo!
Momonosuke: This... does not hurt!
Chopper: I'm starting to get sleepy. I don't want to die!
Brook: Look at this, Giolla-san. You see, the bow of my violin is in fact a sword in a cane.
Giolla: I hope that it plays exquisite music.
Brook: Indeed.  You have already been cut.
Giolla: Hmm?  Cut?!
Brook: Painting Song: Bamboo Flute Joint Slice! Forgive me.  I do not understand art after all. Because my eyes are like knotholes!
Nami and Chopper: Brook!
Momonosuke: Sir Bone!
Sanji: I was worried about Nami-san before you were! And she obviously would much rather I show up to help her than you! That's why I'll go!
Zoro: Fine, just go then.
Sanji: Kin'emon.  This is the map to the Toys' House, where your friend is being held.
Kin'emon: I am most grateful!
Sanji: Once you find Luffy, have him contact the others with this. We have to know what they're doing. I'm heading back to the Sunny.
Zoro: So... how are we gonna get in contact with Luffy?
Kin'emon: I do not know, and that is why we are standing here. The entire building seems to be tightly sealed off... and I can not see anyone on the other side of these bars, either. I was nearly captured earlier, so we must avoid drawing attention to ourselves.
Zoro: I could always cut the entire wall into pieces.
Kin'emon: That would definitely draw attention to us!
Zoro: Then I'll just do it quietly and carefully.
Kin'emon: How would that make a difference?
Zoro: What the hell? Well how do you want me to cut it then?!
Kin'emon: You must take more care!
Bartolomeo: That's the Pirate Hunter Zoro-senpai! The three-sword-style user whose legend began when he cut down a hundred men on Whiskey Peak... and on Enies Lobby they say he sliced the entire island in half! And he's been supporting the crew as Luffy-senpai's right hand man! He's the famous first mate of the Straw Hat Pirates! He's so freaking cool! Huh?  My tears won't stop... Why? Zoro-senpai!
Kin'emon: An acquaintance of yours?
Zoro: No.  Who is that?
Luffy: Yeah, you go Rebecca! Alright!  Yeah, she beat another one! Hang in there!
Prisoner: He sure is excited about the fight.
Luffy: Go, Rebecca!
Chopper: I'm so glad we're back to normal.  Thank you, Brook.
Momonosuke: Indeed.  This does not hurt at all, Sir Bone. I am most satisfied.
Nami: I was really worried about what we were gonna do there. You saved us, Brook.
Brook: Oh, you flatter me. I mean, you are completely right, but still. Let's have a sleep-in-Nami-san's-lap-party!
Nami: What kind of party is that supposed to be?!
Brook: That hurts, Nami-san!
Nami: Anyway... Put these handcuffs on her, okay Brook?
Brook: Who, me? I'll lose my strength if I touch them. I'd really rather not.
Nami: Oh, don't say that!  Come on!
Brook: I mean, Nami-san, you are the only one here without Devil Fruit Powers so you should...
Nami: Do it!
Giolla: Oh, this will not do at all! Soul King, you have some nerve! You had me completely fooled! I let my guard down, believing that a fellow artist would understand me! You unscrupulous wretches will now witness my ultimate art, and it will be the last thing you see before entering Heaven!
Brook: G-Giolla-san... P-Please calm do-
Giolla: Heaven's Door Art!
Nami: Huh?  What's this?!
Brook: What is going on?
Giolla: This is the ultimate art! Heaven's Door Art! Such a beautiful world of art! Truly, you are blessed. You will get to die looking at the most beautiful thing in this world!
Baby 5: Gladius, you really should calm down.
Gladius: Baby 5. Do you have any idea how much that woman's betrayal has messed up our plans? That damn Violet was supposed to capture Black Leg Sanji and read his mind to learn the enemy's plan. We were supposed to hinder their plans at every step, and take out every single one of the Straw Hats! And now look what's happened! She took out her own subordinates and ran away!
Baby 5: Calm down! You don't want to explode in here, do you?!
Gladius: There is nothing I hate more than people who can't stay on schedule or follow a plan! Anyone who betrays us... or rather, betrays the young master, must die. Violet has been acting strange ever since last night. Just think about it.  She could easily have found the Straw Hats' ship yesterday using her Clairvoyance.
Sanji: Oh, Violet-chan! You should have waited at the port, as we planned.
Violet: That port is already crawling with marines. You should change your rendezvous point.
Sanji: I see, so the Navy's here.
Violet: They've got a total of four warships here. So there are at least three thousand marines in this country right now.
Sanji: How did you figure out so much on your own in such a short amount of time?
Violet: Because I have the power of Clairvoyance. I can send my line of sight flying like a bird in any direction, up to four thousand kilometers away. I can see everything that happens in this country, without lifting a finger. So you don't have to worry about me. I won't get captured.
Sanji: Does that mean you're staying in the country?
Violet: No, don't worry. I'm going to...
Sanji: Violet-chan?
Violet: How strange. I can't find your ship anywhere!
Sanji: What?!
Brook: What do we do?  Hey, what are we going to do?!
Nami: What's the point in asking? We just have to try and fight! Weather Egg! Hatch for me, Lightning-chan! Just you watch!
Giolla: And what might this be?
Nami: What?!
Giolla: Your attack is severely lacking in beauty. What you should do is this... and this... and then you have something truly beautiful!
Nami: Nooo! Brook!
Brook: Forgive me, but I will be cutting you down now, Giolla-san!
Giolla: I have pursued ultimate beauty, and so I put my very soul into this Heaven's Door Art. The ultimate beauty is also the most powerful attack!
Chopper: The cola-barrels are in place!
Nami: Nice, Chopper!
Momonosuke: What is this?
Chopper: It's the Sunny's power source. We'll use this to fire the Gaon Cannon.
Momonosuke: Gaon Cannon?
Nami: Let's see, I think I'm supposed to get the target into the center of the rings. This would be a lot easier if Usopp was here... but with a target this big, it shouldn't be a problem! Brook, we're good to go.  Come back!
Brook: Understood! Okay.
Nami: Right, here it goes! Gaon Cannon... fire!
Giolla: What is this?!
Nami: We did it!
Giolla: You have some nerve!  I'll get you for that!
Nami: She's so tough!
Brook: How persistent!
Giolla: I will not let my guard down again!  I'm burning with rage! So, who should I kill first? You filthy little brat!
Nami: Get out of the way, Momo-chan!
Sanji: What's wrong?
Violet: How horrible!  Your ship suddenly reappeared and was struck by lightning!
Sanji: Lightning?! Wait, that probably means...
Giolla: W-Who are you calling "Miss Mermaid"?
Chopper: You did it, Momonosuke!
Momonosuke: I did it! It does not hurt!
Narrator: The Block D battle intensifies. As the warriors fight it out, there is one man who tries to hog all the attention to himself. His name is Cavendish, the Pirate Noble. His beautiful blade will be set loose!
