Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy learned that the prize of the colosseum battle tournament was the Mera Mera Fruit, and decided to join the fight, competing against mighty foes from all over the New World.
Nami: Right, here it goes! Gaon Cannon... fire!
Giolla: What is this?!
Nami: We did it!
Doflamingo: Long ago... To be precise, eight hundred years ago, Law. Twenty kings from twenty countries assembled at the center of the world... and created a single organization. That organization is now known as the World Government. The founding kings brought their families to live in the Holy Land, Mariejoa. Though the Nefertari family from Alabasta refused so it was only nineteen families... but those nineteen families still live there to this day and reign over the world. The descendants of those founding kings are known as the Celestial Dragons. Naturally, those countries elected new rulers, and new royal families were born. Take Dress Rosa for example. The new royal family here was the Riku family. Whereas the family who moved to the Holy Land Mariejoa and founded the Government... was the Donquixote family.
Nami: Now, what should we do with her?
Momonosuke: Sir Bone, I hit her hard.
Brook: Indeed, your muscles are well-developed.
Momonosuke: R-Really? I have strong muscles?
Brook: Although I have no muscles, since I'm just bones.
Nami: I don't really want to throw her in the ocean.
Chopper: Since she's a Devil Fruit ability user.
Brook: And I have no desire to see her panties.
Giolla: W-Who are you calling Miss Universe?
Brook: That's not what I said! No one said that!
Momonosuke: Should I hit her once more?
Nami: Don't bother with her. We've got to hurry to Traf.
Chopper: But, what did he mean when he told us to pick up Caesar?
Law: Listen up, you have to... set sail for Green Bit right now! I'm leaving Caesar in your care!
Brook: Indeed, this is a strange situation. Since Doflamingo agreed to our demands and threw away his position as a Warlord, Caesar should be returned to him.
Giolla: You guys really don't know anything. There's no way the young master would take some kids' demands seriously. The young master has not thrown away his position as a Warlord.
Nami: Wait, what do you mean by that?
Momonosuke: What do you mean?
Giolla: Ow!  That hurts, you little brat!
Momonosuke: Onami!
Giolla: You've all fallen into his trap. Surely by now, Violet will have exposed all your plans.  Your crewmates have surely been caught!
Announcer: Now, the stormy battle royale has finally reached its final phase, Block D! An intense battle for survival is unfolding! Like the other blocks, this will be a fierce battle filled with real powerhouse fighters! First off, we cannot forget this man. He is a notorious A-class war criminal from the Sea Battle of Dias! Suleiman The Beheader! And... An Admiral of the Yonta Maria Grand Fleet! The Massacre Ruler, Orlumbus! A military commander of the Majiatsuka Kingdom in the south! Rolling Logan! And there's more! The gladiator lion, Agyo! The Fire Demon, Damask! The Witch Doctor, Mummy! Gladiator, Acilia! It wouldn't be surprising if any of these people were to win! The battle has only just begun, but... the one standing out the most right now... it must be this man! Cavendish the White Horse! And you are?
Galdoa: Galdoa, I'm a beautiful bounty hunter.
Audience: Ahh, Galdoa-sama, you're so handsome!
Cavendish: What's with that spear?
Galdoa: This is a badge of honor. I use the bounties of the pirates I catch to acquire shinier and shinier spears. This tournament is full of ridiculously high bounties, I'll make a fortune here. If I can get my hands on your 280 million Beli head... I'll be able to make a spear of diamond.
Cavendish: What a beautiful scent.
Galdoa: Then how about this! Where'd he go?!
Cavendish: I'm over here. You said something about a spear of diamond. Don't screw with me! I will never allow anyone... to stand out more than me!
Audience: Ahh, Cavendish-sama, you're more amazing after all! He's really strong!
Cavendish: I'm so happy! Can you hear this cheering, Straw Hat Luffy?! I'm more popular than you!
Luffy: Move it, Cabbage! I'm trying to watch Rebecca fight, but you're standing in the way!
Prisoners: Yeah, move it! We don't wanna see you! Get out of the way!
Partcipant: Rebecca... I'll beat her!
Announcer: I guess this is to be expected! All the warriors looking for fame are targeting the hated Rebecca! It's only a matter of time before she's defeated!
Luffy: Behind you, Rebecca!
Partcipant: You're mine! Kill her! Now let's push her out of the ring!
Law: So you were a Celestial Dragon, Doflamingo?!
Doflamingo: Yes, I was. I'm not a Celestial Dragon anymore. What do bloodlines and destiny mean anyway? I don't think there is anyone else in the world who's led a life as checkered as mine.
Law: Explain it to me so I can understand!
Doflamingo: What a shame, Law. I'd have loved to talk to you about my life before I met you, over a drink. But I don't have the time for it. I have to do something about the Straw Hat Crew over in Dress Rosa. Many people have made the fatal mistake of underestimating them. What is it, Fujitora?
Fujitora: Well... I heard some lightning coming from the sea. What's the sky look like?
Doflamingo: Lightning?
Fujitora: I may be blind, but I thought I could read the weather fairly well. I guess I'm getting old.
Law: If I remember, Namier could control the weather. So the ship has come.
Caesar: Hey Joker, if you've gotten it back, then hurry and give it to me! My heart, my heart! Hey, hurry!
Law: I never said that was Caesar's heart.
Caesar: What?! That's what you used to threaten me! Right now, my heart isn't inside my chest! I can't hear my heartbeat at all! Joker, what are you doing?! I'm dying, I'm gonna die! Nothing's happening.
Marine: Hey, what's wrong, get a hold of yourself! Hey! Are you okay?!
Caesar: A marine's?! Then where's mine?!
Fujitora: That was my subordinate's scream. What are you doing, Celestial Yaksha?
Law: Room! You should've paid attention to your gravity, Fujitora. I'm getting out of here. Shambles!
Caesar: Joker, save me!
Doflamingo: I didn't think you had this much strength left, Law.
Fujitora: He doesn't know when to give up.
Caesar: Dammit, let go of me, Law! Where did you put my heart?!
Doflamingo: Quit wasting my time, you brat. You know there's no place to run.
Nami: Can you see Traf?
Chopper: I can't see very well thanks to the fog. Although I do see a strange forest. I don't really want to believe what that woman said, but... but if... if Traf's plan failed, and we take back Caesar, what happens?
Brook: Doflamingo will target us. How scary!
Nami: What's this?! What's happening?!
Chopper: W-What happened? There's something in the ocean!
Giolla: I-It-It's a school of Fighting Fish! You came too close to the island!
Brook: Fighting Fish?
Nami&Chopper: What are they?
Giolla: They're killer fish that can sink warships!
Momonosuke: Onami!
Law: Follow me, Doflamingo! If he targets the ship, then we're out. I'll draw him to the bridge, and then throw Caesar from there. If I begin a fight with Doflamingo on top of the bridge, I can buy plenty of time for the ship to escape.
Doflamingo: What's this? Are you trying to cross the bridge? I don't understand. If you go to Dress Rosa, then you're in my territory.
Law: Dammit, those guys...
Doflamingo: So that's what you were planning.
Law: Wait, Doflamingo!  They have nothing to do with this!
Doflamingo: It's over, Law!
Momonosuke: The ship is going to be destroyed!
Nami: Stop it, I'll burn you all to a crisp!
Brook: Where did the Fighting Fish go?
Momonosuke: Where did the Fighting Fish go, Sir Bone?
Chopper: Fighting Fish, Fighting Fish, Fighting Fish. Huh?!
Nami: What is it now?!
Chopper: Doflamingo's flying toward us!
Giolla: Young master!
Nami: What is this nightmare?! Are we gonna die?!
All: No!
Doflamingo: Watch closely, Law. Your allies are going to die a pathetic death right before your eyes!
Law: Stop it!
Nami: Traf, hel-
Sanji: Hey! Don't come anywhere near my crying crewmates!
All: Sanji!
Doflamingo: Well, here's a strong-looking one.
Narrator: The Celestial Yaksha's overwhelming power and Black Leg's burning hellfire. The curtain is about to rise on a fierce battle!
