Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law. Now they've invaded Dress Rosa in order to release Caesar to Doflamingo. Luffy learned that the prize of the colosseum battle tournament was the Mera Mera Fruit, and decided to join the fight, competing against mighty foes from all over the New World.
Sanji: Premier Hachis!
Doflamingo: Penta-Chromatic String! Overheat!
Law: Room!
Doflamingo: Law?
Law: You guys. You have to go to Zou with this guy, right now.
Chopper: A warship's flying straight toward us!
Brook: And Doflamingo's coming from the other direction!
Nami: Meteors?!
Law: Room!
Sanji: Hey, Law! I understand that we have to get Caesar away from here... and I'm fine with moving forward... but... Dress Rosa was supposed to be a brief stop. Our ultimate goal was to take down the Emperor Kaidou, right? Don't you think... you're focusing too much on Doflamingo?
Chopper: Here goes!  Coup de Burst!
Law: It's a shame, but my alliance  with the Straw Hats ends here. I teamed up with them for one goal. I was merely using them to stop the production of Smiles. Even if I can't take you down personally, if you lose the Smiles, you'll soon be killed by Kaidou.
Doflamingo: I see. So you hoped to take me down with you.
Law: I'd like to see the chaos your death will bring to the world, but my main priority is settling the score for what happened thirteen years ago, Joker!
Doflamingo: You want to settle the score... for what happened thirteen years ago?
Law: You know what I'm talking about.
Doflamingo: What are you planning to do to Giolla? You should know what kind of family we are.
Giolla: That's right, Law! If it's for the young master then I'm always ready to sacrifice my-
Law: You should run as far as possible.
Giolla: There's no way I could possibly leave the young master and r-
Doflamingo: Enough! I don't need your help, leave!
Giolla: Yes!
Doflamingo: Seeing as Black Leg just showed up before, clearly things haven't gone as I planned.
Law: You've just lost Caesar, one of your trump cards. And while we're fighting here, you'll lose the Smile factory as well. This is the end of you.
Doflamingo: Your grudge against me is completely unjustified, Law!
Law: This isn't a grudge. Accomplishing that person's greatest desire, is the only reason I've lived for until today!
Chopper: It seems we were able to get away from Doflamingo, but is Traf gonna be okay?
Nami: Hey, are you guys keeping a proper lookout?
Brook: This is Brook, I see no problems from my forty five degree angle.
Nami: Look in every direction!
Brook: Understood! Beginning forty five degree rotation!
Nami: There's a few clouds around here. Seriously, he can swing between clouds?  That's crazy! Brook, make sure you don't miss even the slightest movement out there.
Brook: I do wonder if that's possible, since my eyes are empty.
Nami: If he comes anywhere near us, I'll just use this to create a gust of wind and blow away the clouds. Then he won't be able to follow us anymore.
Brook: That's a good idea, as expected of Nami-san.
Nami: But is it really okay...  For us to head to Zou like Law said? I was in a rush because of the Navy and Doflamingo, but now...
Sanji: In any case, you guys have to protect Robin-chan with your lives! Got it!
Chopper: How are they?
Sanji: My precious Robin-chan is with Franky and Usopp.
Chopper: Now we just have to hope that Zoro can meet up with Luffy.
Sanji: Yeah, but I'm not sure if Mr. Directionally Challenged can even find the colosseum. Well, Kin'emon is with him, so it should be alright.
Chopper: I hope Traf is okay.
Sanji: Law's plan is to leave Doflamingo alive and have him fight the Emperor Kaidou. So long as he runs away, he won't die. What's wrong Momo? Why're you in your dragon form?
Momonosuke: I can't stop shaking. That flying man...
Sanji: Doflamingo?
Momonosuke: When we were here before, I saw him once.
Gladiator: Young master, he'll die!
Doflamingo: Just what the hell was that?! What are you?! Aren't you a gladiator?! Who'd enjoy watching you just run around? If you can't cut up your opponents, then let yourself get cut and show them some blood. All humans, no matter their personality, have a cruel side that lusts for blood. Blood and death. That is the ultimate entertainment! Get a hold of yourself! Damn trash! Never let me see a pathetic match like today again.
Gladiator: Yes, young master!
Kanjuurou: Kin'emon, Momonosuke...
Kin'emon: Oh, it's you, Kanjuurou.
Kanjuurou: I found the port. Let's get a ship from there. This is a dangerous country.
Momonosuke: When I think of Kanjuurou as his prisoner, I get this uneasy feeling. Please be safe, Kanjuurou. What a ridiculous expression is that?!
Sanji: This all depends on what he wants you for, but... they might not treat their hostages all that badly. So it's okay.
Momonosuke: You don't care at all! You're thinking of something else, aren't you?!
Sanji: Speaking of that, Violet-chan said she'd be fine too.
Violet: I'll be fine. I asked an acquaintance of mine, so I'll be protected by the government.
Sanji: Really?
Violet: Yes. They should already be waiting for me at the port. Believe me.
Sanji: I see. I wish I could go with you, but at least I know you'll be safe.
Violet: Thank you. Thanks to you, I'm finally able to move forward again.
Sanji: It was nothing. If you want to thank me, then a kiss on my che-
Violet: Oh no, your ship is being attacked by Fighting Fish!
Sanji: Fighting Fish? What's that?!
Violet: Hurry, you must go to them.
Sanji: Nami-swan!
Citizen: Kill her! Damn that Rebecca! As usual, she just won't die! Hurry up and die, you little brat!
Violet: Uma-san!
Horse: Yes? Please take me to the palace. Yes ma'am!
Bartolomeo: Mr. First Mate!
Zoro: First mate? What are you on about?
Bartolomeo: Z-Z-Zoro-senpai, you're L-Luffy-senpai's right hand man!
Zoro: How did you...
Kin'emon: He seems to have seen straight through you.
Zoro: I'll just say this much, I'm not Zoro!
Bartolomeo: You don't need to hide it. I already know that Luffy-senpai's going by the name Lucy and is fighting in the colosseum.
Zoro: What?!
Bartolomeo: I-I'm having a conversation with Zoro-senpai! I-I'm so excited!
Kin'emon: Why are you crying?
Zoro: Why do you know who Luffy and I are?
Bartolomeo: I'be albayz bween your ban!
Zoro: We're not getting anywhere with this guy.
Bartolomeo: I need to ask him. I've finally met him. C-Could I have your auto-
Zoro: Huh! Stop crying!
Bartolomeo: O-Okay! I was scolded by Zoro-senpai! C-Can I have your autograph! There, I said it.
Zoro: Autograph?
Bartolomeo: I'll go look for Luffy-senpai, so please give me your autograph!
Zoro: You'll look for him? Thanks.
Bartolomeo: He just thanked me! Zoro-senpai just thanked me!
Kin'emon: Why are you crying?
Zoro: What's wrong, hurry up!
Bartolomeo: Th-
Zoro: Huh?!
Bartolomeo: Then... Just wait for a bit. Even if it costs me my life, I'll find him!
Zoro: You're gonna risk your life?
Bartolomeo: I... I was given a task by Zoro-senpai! I'm totally being depended on. It's almost like... I've become the right hand of Luffy-senpai's right hand! This is the best! I'm so happy! I've gotta do this right!
Announcer: This is the battle royale at the Corrida Colosseum! We're in the middle of the hot blooded Block D match! There are many powerful fighters in the fray, and casualties everywhere! Among them, the one standing out the most is... the military commander of the Majiatsuka Kingdom, Rolling Logan!
Logan: Let's see, should I use my full strength? Should I start to spin?
Announcer: Here it is, Rolling Logan's famous attack! His special attack, the Rolling Cradle! With this high speed rotation, his opponent's sense of balance is completely thrown off. And the finishing move is... The Crotch Splitter! The crowd is really cheering for him! And over here we have... In contrast to Logan's flashy fighting, she stays under the radar.
Audience: Boo! Boo!
Announcer: She truly is the most hated girl of this world! The cursed princess, Rebecca! She's receiving massive boos from the audience!
Audience: Boo! Boo! Boo! Boo! Boo! Boo!
Soldier: Humans are capable of great things! Bring out your power as a human! Stand up, Rebecca!
Rebecca: I don't want to anymore. I don't want to hurt anyone.
Soldier: Even so... In spite of that, you must become strong, Rebecca!
Rebecca: Soldier-san...
Gladiator: Bitch!
Announcer: Damn it! She just won't go down! This is Rebecca's specialty, the Backwater Sword Dance!
Soldier: Become strong, Rebecca!
Announcer: Using her opponents momentum, she brings them close to the edge of the ring. With her back to the Fighting-Fish infested water, and her amazing speed, she uses her opponent's strength to push them in the water! This is it! This is the Backwater Sword Dance! Yes, in all her previous matches,  she has never directly harmed a single person!
Luffy: So she can use the Haki of Perception?
Prisoner: Haki?
Announcer: She's never taken an attack from anyone either! She's dropped every opponent out of the ring! She's the undefeated woman!
Luffy: She's really good! Keep it up, Rebecca!
Announcer: Her fighting style is not unbeautiful, and to be honest, I don't dislike it! But how will she go with this competition! With powerhouses gathered from all over the world and their varied fighting styles, there's no guarantee that they'll play fair!
Logan: Let's see, should I break your bones, hated one?
Narrator: The battle between Logan's fearsome attacks and Rebecca's beautiful Backwater Sword Dance... begins now!
