Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and have invaded Dress Rosa. Luffy joined a battle tournament where the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit... and has made it through the preliminary round. Luffy's friend Rebecca is fighting in the tournament's final block.
Luffy: So she can use the Haki of Perception?
Prisoner: Haki?
Announcer: She's never taken an attack from anyone! She's dropped every opponent out of the ring! She's the undefeated woman!
Logan: Let's see, should I break your bones, hated one?
Bartolomeo: I'll go look for Luffy-senpai, so please give me your autograph!
Zoro: You'll look for him? Thanks.
Bartolomeo: Even if it costs me my life, I'll find him! I've gotta do this right!
Title: The Most Terrible Warrior! Logan VS Rebecca
Bartolomeo: If I were to suddenly run into Luffy-senpai... I'd be blinded by his divinity and have a heart attack. I've gotta search the place carefully. But, since the captain and first mate are here... that must mean that the rest of the crew must be here too, right? Sogeking-senpai and... Black Leg Sanji-senpai! Big Sis Nami! The great doctor Chopper-senpai and... Big Sis Nico Robin! The great carpenter Franky-senpai... and the famous musician Soul King, Brook-senpai! I'll get to meet them all! I'm so freaking nervous! This is so exciting! But anyway... I've been searching very carefully... but I haven't seen Luffy-senpai, or anyone else. What's going on here? This place was full of warriors a few minutes ago. Oh, is that a stairway? I haven't checked downstairs yet. Quite a creepy place. There's no way Luffy-senpai would be... What's this? I hear people talking.
Doctor: Hurry!  Make way, make way! We're coming through!
Bartolomeo: What's this?
Doctor: Next!
Bartolomeo: There are so many people down here! Well, I'd better look for him. Everybody here is injured! Would Luffy-senpai really be in this place?
Doctor: Hey, look! What's he doing here?  This is not good. He'll scare the patients! Contestant Bartolomeo, what are you doing here?
Bartolomeo: I'm searching for someone.  'Scuse me.
Doctor: N-N-No, you mustn't! This is where we treat the losers! If they see you...
Bartolomeo: Where you treat the losers? Yeah, this place is filled with losers, isn't it?
Warrior: Bastard! Did you come here to mock us, Bartolomeo?! You only won because of your weird ability!  I'm gonna finish you off right here!
Doctor: Didn't I tell you?!  You can't fight here!
Bartolomeo: Yeah, the guy I'm looking for would never be here, anyway. Pardon the intrusion. You'd better recover properly!
Boo: Why did he even come down here?
Doctor: Next! Is Contestant Sai from the Flower Kingdom here?
Sai: Why are you calling "Next"?! You just carried our Grandpa in there, and he hasn't come out yet!
Doctor: Oh, you mean Contestant Chinjao?
Sai: Did Grandpa die?
Kelly: Huh?  What's going on? Shut it, you damn martial artist!
Sai: Our Grandpa is practically indestructible, but he's getting pretty old. If he's lying dead in there, then just tell me that he's dead!
Ideo: He's so noisy.
Doctor: You're being too dramatic. He has already left the treatment area. There is an exit at the back of the hospital room... so after he was treated, he wouldn't come back this way.
Sai: Oh, I see.  Sorry for the disturbance.
Doctor: Now you understand?  Well then, come on in.
Sai: I'm so sorry I misunderstood.  I was wrong. How can I ever make up for this? See, I'm on my knees!  Please forgive me!
Boo: Don't mind him. His feelings tend to get the better of him.
Doctor: I... I see. This way.  Come on in. Contestant Sai from the Flower Kingdom, yes?
Sai: That's right.
Doctor: Lie down on the bed.
Sai: Like this?
Doctor: Yes.  Now close your eyes. Let us begin the operation.
Sai: What?!
Doctor: Next.
Sai: What's this?  A toy? A mountain of toys?
Hairudin: Toys and warriors.
Sai: Who's there?! You're... Hairudin?! Why're... all of you here? Gramps!  You're alright! That's a relief.
Chinjao: I see nothing to be relieved about, you clown!
Hairudin: It seems like all the losers of this tournament are thrown down here.
Sai: What?! What is the meaning of this?!  Where's the exit?
Dagama: You really think there'd be one?! That bastard Doflamingo tricked us. This means war, Elizabello-sama.
Elizabello: Indeed.  But I can't believe that my King Punch is ineffective against this wall.
Blue Gilly: We're underground, you know. In other words, these walls are the earth itself. No matter how strong your punches might be, you can't break through these walls.
Abdullah: What is he hoping to accomplish by trapping us here?
Hack: I seriously doubt they'll treat our wounds down here.
Chinjao: Unless Doflamingo has a really good explanation... I will curse him down to his grandchildren's generation!
Announcer: Listen to these cheers! One of the potential winners of Block D... Rolling Logan, has set his sights on Rebecca!
Logan: Now, what bone of her's should I break? How about her neck?
Audience: Her neck!
Logan: Or maybe her spine?
Audience: Her spine!
Logan: Or no, perhaps both arms and legs would be best?
Audience: Do it!
Logan: You're far too kind, my dear spectators. The best way to deal with this despised girl is to break every bone in her body! Don't you agree?
Luffy: This really pisses me off!  What is their problem?!
Prisoner: Didn't I tell you? That's just how much they hate the old king.
Luffy: Yeah, but that doesn't matter!  She's really nice!
Prisoner: I know that. Once, when I was gravely injured and on the verge of death... she watched over me and kept my spirits up, without even sleeping. And it isn't just me. Everyone here feels the same way. But the people out there can't forgive what happened on that night long ago. They couldn't forget it even if they wanted to.
Luffy: "What happened that night"?
Prisoner: Yeah.  It's a long story.
Luffy: Never mind then.
Prisoner: You don't care?!
Luffy: Hang in there, Rebecca!
Logan: Right, let's get this started!
Announcer: Rolling Logan has begun his attack, cheered on by the audience! He's using his long reach to attack Rebecca from both sides! It's said that Rolling Logan's grasp is like being crushed by five hundred kilos! If he catches her, it's all over!
Rebecca: I can't stay here!
Logan: You're wasting your time!
Announcer: He's slowly and systematically closing in on her and driving her into a corner! Rebecca is like a frog cornered by a snake! What will you do, Rebecca?!
Warrior: Your back's wide open! Die, both of you!
Logan: Only cowards attack an opponent's back! Want me to shatter your bones? Watch carefully, hated one.
Rebecca: Now!
Announcer: What's this?  Rebecca saw her chance and escaped! Rebecca is scurrying around like a mouse! And Rolling Logan is in hot pursuit, taking down any fighter that gets in his way!
Audience: That's cheap, Rebecca!  Fight! Fight and let us see some blood!
Rebecca: Oh no!
Logan: I never let my prey escape!
Announcer: Rebecca has lost her sword! She's truly in a dire situation! Rebecca has finally been caught! Now, Rolling Logan! What is he going to do, now that he has her?
Logan: What should I do with you, hated one? Want me to smash you into the ground? Or would you prefer the same fate as the other guy? You scream so nicely! Alright, that settles it! I'm gonna slowly squeeze you to death, so let's hear you scream!
Luffy: That bastard!
Prisoner: It's over! Rebecca!
Announcer: Will the undefeated woman finally fall?!
Audience: Crush her!  Crush her!
Rebecca: Soldier-san, I...
Thunder Soldier: Faster!  Use your hips!
Rebecca: I've had enough! I'm going to take a chance on today's tournament.
Thunder Soldier: Don't be so hasty!  There's nothing to be gained from this. You can't possibly win. You'll just be throwing your life away!  I refuse to let you enter!
Acillia: Let go of Rebecca!
Announcer: Oh, what is this? The Smiling Female Gladiator, Acillia, interferes in the battle! She has turned her compassionate smile on Rebecca!
Prisoner: Acillia saved her!
Luffy: You go, grinning lady!
Prisoner: "Grinning lady"?
Acillia: Are you alright, Rebecca?
Rebecca: Yes.  Thank you, Acillia-san.
Acillia: Don't thank me yet! You want to get the Mera Mera Fruit, right? So try to show some courage!
Logan: You've got some nerve! I'll send you both to hell!
Acillia: This is the toughest tournament you've ever been in! You can't win it if you just run around!
Rebecca: Acillia-san!
Announcer: Rolling Logan is furious! He's completely overwhelming Acillia!
Rebecca: Acillia-san! Acillia-san, kneel down! Please excuse my step!
Announcer: Could it be?! Is Rebecca really on the offensive?!
Logan: Do you really think that'll work on me?! What?! I can't believe that I-
Announcer: I can't believe it! Rebecca turned the tables completely! She avoided Rolling Logan's attack with unbelievable speed... and pushed him out of the ring!
Acillia: You pretended to be attacking, and then threw the enemy off balance when he counterattacked. You really are something.
Warrior: Prepare yourselves!
Acillia: Now the real battle starts! You'd better make it to the final round!
Rebecca: Sure!
Luffy: She did it!
Prisoner: You go, Rebecca!  Acillia!
Luffy: Here comes another one!  Get him, Rebecca! Hey, who cares about Cabbage?!  Show Rebecca!
Prisoner: Yeah!  We wanna see Rebecca!
Luffy: Actually, come to think of it, it's really hard to see here. I'll cheer her on from somewhere closer.
Prisoner: Okay.
Luffy: Oh yeah, I used to think this country looked really fun and happy... but looking at you guys, maybe I was wrong.
Prisoner: What you saw was the flowery world of the winners. Doflamingo divides the world into obedient winners and disobedient losers. He's exactly like the World Government. Those who oppose him are losers who get treated like garbage. Hide the garbage in darkness, and sure, the country ends up looking perfect from the outside.
Man: Let's go search for treasure!
Luffy: It's just like the country I grew up in.
Prisoner: Once you start questioning things, you see that something is wrong in this country. We believe that there are even darker secrets. You better be careful.
Luffy: Alright.  See ya.
Bartolomeo: Where did Luffy-senpai go? I can't find him anywhere. How can I face Zoro-senpai after this? L-L-L-L-Luffy-senpai!
Narrator: The truth behind the toy soldier who lays down his life for Rebecca is revealed!
