Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and have invaded Dress Rosa. Luffy joined the battle tournament where the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit, and has made it through the preliminary round. In the tournament's final block, Luffy's friend Rebecca is fighting.
Bartolomeo: L-L-L-Lu- Luffy-senpai! L-L-Luffy-senpai!
Luffy: Hey, you're the guy who won Block B, Bartolomeo-kun.
Bartolomeo: Yes I am, Luffy-senpai! Y-Y-You remembered my name?!
Luffy: Of course I did. Let's do our best in the finals.
Bartolomeo: I have no chance! I set out to sea so I could become more like you, Luffy-senpai!
Luffy: Umm, the spectators seats were... ...over that way.
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai!
Sai: They're raining down, one after the other.
Boo: Gramps, big bro! It stinks!
Chinjao: So you were thrown down here too, Boo.
Boo: Where are we? A mountain of toys and rubbish? What is this place, big bro?
Sai: That's what I wanna know. Another one's gonna fall, you should move.
Ricky: I didn't know that such a large scrapyard existed underneath the country.
Tank: If I'm mistaken, please forgive me. But I've got a nagging feeling. Are you... Might you possibly be... His Highness, King Riku? King Riku?
Gladiator: Impossible!
Abdullah: King Riku? That's impossible! Isn't he dead?
Jeet: Speaking of Dress Rosa's former King, I heard that he went crazy and was killed.
Riku: After having fallen so far,  there really isn't any point in hiding it anymore. Indeed I am him. But please do not call me a king, Commander Tank.
Gladiator: It's King Riku. You were alive?
Tank: Thank goodness you were safe, King Riku.
Riku: I am only an old man now. A sinful old man who couldn't even save his only granddaughter.
Tank: It has been such a long time. I am now... ...Doflamingo's...
Riku: There's no need to say it. I understand. You were watching over Viola. How could I ever doubt a man with as much honor as you? It must have been a difficult decision.
Tank: No, compared to your troubles...
Elizabello: Oh my, so you were King Riku!
Riku: Oh, the king of Prodence.
Elizabello: That really takes me back. You have saved my country from crisis, many times over. I'm glad you are alive.
Riku: Hey now...
Elizabello: Ever since you disappeared, there's been a power imbalance in the surrounding countries, resulting in constant war. I'm really tired of it all.
Sai: Wait a sec, Elizabello! You may be tired of it, but if someone's laughing, someone's also crying! Someone has been making a massive  profit from instigating all the wars!
Boo: By supplying weapons to all those warring countries!
Chinjao: The broker is a man named Joker. Which is Doflamingo's alias in the underworld. But we don't know where those weapons are being made or stored. Our Flower Kingdom has been losing badly in the war because of those weapons.
Sai: Our entry in the colosseum's tournament was merely part of our investigations. The Happou Navy was ordered by our king to destroy the weapons factory.  That's our true goal. King Riku, because you committed that act which allowed Doflamingo to become king, many of the neighboring countries are in big trouble!
Dagama: Exactly so, Elizabello-sama. It's true that we owe a lot to Dress Rosa for what they have done for us. But your worry for that man is unnecessary. Right now, the name King Riku-
Tank: Shut up, Dagama! You don't know what really happened on that tragic day ten years ago. How dare you speak ill of the king?!
Riku: It's alright, Tank.  It doesn't matter now.
Gladiator: King Riku, I am also a former soldier of your army. As am I. Me too, King Riku. What's this? The toys have started moving. I thought they were just trash! All the former soldiers of Dress Rosa and even the toys are bowing down to him. What's going on? Wasn't King Riku hated by the entire country?
Hack: With such a large pitfall here, it seems that there are some secrets hidden underground. With such a large pitfall here, it seems that there are some secrets hidden underground.
Boo: Big bro!
Sai: What the hell's this?! What's going on now?!
Chinjao: One thing after another, with these sneaky tactics. No matter who they are, I will curse anyone who tries to harm Sai, until their grandchildren's generation!
Sai: What is this sticky stuff?!
Chinjao: Sai!
Boo: Big bro!
Sai: What is this? What's going on?! Don't come any closer. Hey, stop it! Who are you! Hey, stop it!
Trebol: Hey, It's over now, so you can go. Do not harm any humans. And follow the orders of the family. Make sure you follow these rules. Exit through that door and you'll reach the factory and trade port. Go. No talking!  Make sure you work hard! All the participants are powerful, so they won't break very easily.
Sai: What's going on? My body won't listen to me. I can't go against his words. What's just happened to me?!
Gancho: Ancient writings say that long ago, our ancestors went out to sea, searching for resources that their country didn't possess. But when they were discovered by the big humans, they were brought to the brink of extinction.
Person: There they are. Dwarves! Catch them!
Gancho: But one day, the king of Dress Rosa, a neighboring country, offered them a deal. In exchange for a bit of manual labor, he would offer them the resources they desired and their safety. The name of that king was Donquixote. That's the worst part of our history, which continued until 900 years ago. The age of slavery. The writings that follow show what the royal family truly were... Demons, through and through. Our people were forced to work day in and day out, deep underground where no one could see them. The big humans lived on the riches and prosperity brought by the Tontatta. No one knows what happened in the void century but... 800 years ago, a new king was born into Dress Rosa.
Dwarves: King Riku! After hearing of the dwarves' inhumane treatment for the past few hundred years, it is told that he shed tears and deeply apologized from the bottom of his heart. And the next action of the new king was one of repentance. He said that we could take anything we needed from this country. That we didn't need to work.
Citizen: Hey! My bag's gone! And my watch! Where'd my wallet go?! Damn it! My jacket's been stolen!
Zoro: Shuusui was right here!
Toy: It seems everyone's been had. The fairies stole them.
Zoro: What's that supposed to mean?!
Toy: Fairies are fairies.  You just have to laugh and accept what they do.
Zoro: I can't laugh at this! The fairies cannot be seen, but they have been  the guardians of Dress Rosa for generations. We must turn a blind eye to whatever they do.
Citizen: Good grief... Well, if it's the fairies' doing... Guess there's nothing for it.
Gancho: The king called it the work of fairies and calmed the citizens with laughter. He successfully created the legend of the fairies in this country.
Franky: King Riku the First, you're so cool!
Gancho: The country led by the kind Riku line even provided support for neighboring countries in danger. I can't say the country was wealthy and prosperous, but it was a wonderful one full of smiles. Our ancestors paid tribute to the kind King Riku, by turning this country into one of beautiful fields and flowers. That is the 800 year long bond between our Tontatta Kingdom and the Riku royal family. But after 900 years, the descendant of the Donquixote family, Doflamingo returned. Strangely enough, he is trying to replay our horrible history. Over 500 of our people, including my daughter Mancherie have fallen prey to his sinister ways. We mustn't let those times repeat themselves!
Leo: We won't let it. We'll fight!
Soldier: Indeed, to Dress Rosa, and to the Tontatta, the Donquixote Family's rule will only bring suffering!
Leo: We'll fight alongside our hero!
Inhel: With Usoland with us, we can't lose.
Dwarves: Usoland! Usoland! Usoland!
Usopp: I was thinking the same thing!
Leo: As expected!
Franky: King Riku was such a good guy. He was nice to the bug people.
Dwarves: Who are you calling bugs?!
Franky: I meant it in a good way.
Dwarves: Then it's okay!
Audience: Drop dead, granddaughter of King Riku! Die, Rebecca!
Robin: Captain-san. The female gladiator fighting in the colosseum, is being called King Riku's granddaughter, and is really being insulted.
Audience: Drop dead, Rebecca! You're the shame of Dress Rosa!
Robin: The people of this country seem to hate King Riku.
Usopp: I was thinking the same thing!
Dwarves: Yeah! Usoland! Usoland! Usoland! Usoland! Usoland! Usoland!
Soldier: On that day, ten years ago... an incident happened that caused King Riku to lose the country's trust in one night. Even though the king tried to protect the country all the way until the end.
Audience: Your entire blood line is tainted! just get killed, Rebecca! Today's the day you die, Rebecca!
Soldier: The citizens don't know the truth about that incident! I'm sorry, I couldn't protect your mother. At that time, Doflamingo tried to destroy the Riku blood line, but... I took King Riku's granddaughter Rebecca and continued to run for a long time. But, she was eventually captured. And now she is put on show at the colosseum. I'll gladly lay down my life to protect  King Riku's integrity and Rebecca's life. I am betting everything on this fight!
Usopp: Just why are you...
Soldier: I couldn't protect Rebecca's mother.
Rebecca: Mother, mother, mother!
Soldier: I'm sorry!  I'm sorry! Never for a second have I forgotten what happened on that day. Having been turned into a toy, she may no longer remember me, but...
Rebecca/Soldier: Soldier-san is valiant... and he will always watch over you.
Soldier: I... I am Rebecca's father!
Narrator: A demon comes to the proud kingdom of Dress Rosa, and a night of tragedy begins.
