Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with  Trafalgar Law and have invaded Dress Rosa. Luffy made it past the first round of a battle tournament, with the Mera Mera fruit as a prize. And now, as the final block begins, the defeated warriors are...
Tank: Are you... Might you possibly be... His Highness, King Riku?
Riku: After having fallen so far,  there really isn't any point in hiding it anymore.
Title: A Chilling Past! The Secret Behind Dress Rosa
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai!
Luffy: Oh, I know you!  You're... N-No wait!  I'm not him!  I'm Lucy!
Bartolomeo: Nevah mind dat... Ah, it's no use! Ah'm too nervous to speak properly!
Luffy: If you don't want anything, then I'll be going now. I want to cheer on Rebecca up close.
Bartolomeo: Dun' go! I-I was asthed by Z-Zoro-senbai!
Luffy: What? By Zoro?!
Bartolomeo: Ya!  He asthed be to get you.
Luffy: I see.  So where is he?
Bartolomeo: H-He'th outside da golosseum. Ah'll show ya da way. Dis way!
Luffy: Right.  I'm counting on you, hen-comb.
Bartolomeo: "I'm counting on you, hen-comb"? Luffy-senpai is relying on me!
Luffy: I'm counting on you, hen-comb.
Bartolomeo: Since he gave me a nickname, does that mean...
Luffy: I'm counting on you, hen-comb.
Bartolomeo: I'm one of Luffy-senpai's friends?!
Luffy: Hey.  What's wrong?
Announcer: The intense fighting in the Block D  battle royale continues! So tenacious!  Contestant Rebecca is truly persistent! Watching her not unbeautiful fighting-style... doesn't make me want to not cheer for her!
Thunder Soldier: I am Rebecca's father!
Usopp: Y-You're...
Audience: Just die already, Rebecca! Damn descendant of King Riku! Your family's pure evil! Die, granddaughter of that violent old man!
Usopp: If you're her father... doesn't that mean... since she's King Riku's granddaughter... that... back when you were human, you...
Thunder Soldier: It all began on that night.
Usopp: Answer me! You must be King Riku's...
Thunder Soldier: No, actually it may have started long before that. On the day when that woman, Monet, began working in the palace.
Robin: Monet?
Usopp: The bird-woman from Punk Hazard?
Thunder Soldier: This country has changed a lot in the past ten years. Both the land and its people.
Citizen: Hey, what happened? Pirates attacked my house. Though since the Riku Royal Army protects us, the damage wasn't that bad.
Child: It's the Riku Royal Army!
Soldier: I've brought a message from King Riku.
Citizen: From the king?
Soldier: He wants to apologize that he wasn't able to protect his dear citizen's home from pirates. The Riku Royal Army will handle the repairs.
Citizen: Oh, you shouldn't!
Soldier: No need to be so modest.  Let's get to work!
Citizen: Alright, let's help out too. Yeah, we gotta help each other, as King Riku always says. Okay, let's do this together. It hasn't rained in two weeks. Yeah.  But despite the drought, the flowers haven't wilted.
Child: Why?
Citizen: It's all thanks to the fairies. They protect our flowers.
Child: I want more food!
Citizen: If you have enough energy left to shout, then you're fine. We may be poor, but this country is free from war. Don't you think that's more important?
Child: Yeah!
Thunder Soldier: In the eight hundred years under the Riku Royal Family's rule, this country has never fought a single war.
Robin: That's amazing.
Thunder Soldier: Indeed.  Miraculous, even. Even in poverty, the people and fairies helped each other out, and everybody lived rich lives. Dress Rosa was a truly peaceful country. But then... without warning, a nightmare descended upon the royal palace.
Riku: Who's there?!
Doflamingo: Don't shout.  Don't call for anyone.
Riku: W-Who are you?
Doflamingo: I am Donquixote Doflamingo. I take it you know what that name means.
Riku: The rumors about this pirate Donquixote have caused me some concern.
Doflamingo: Yeah, your worries were spot-on. I am a descendant of the Donquixote family, the old rulers of this country. I am the rightful ruler of this kingdom.  The king has returned!
Riku: From what I heard, you robbed a transport ship that was carrying tribute for the Celestial Dragons, and used that money to blackmail the Government into making you a Warlord.
Doflamingo: They don't know how to deal with me. The fact that I don't fear the Celestial Dragons really worries them. If you know who I am and what I can do, that simplifies matters. I've come to take back my country. Refuse, and the land will be stained with blood. But I'm no demon.  I know full well that you dislike violence. So... I'll sell you the country for ten billion beli.
Riku: You'll sell the country?!
Doflamingo: Normally I'd just take it without giving you this chance.
Riku: If I can use money to avoid bloodshed, then so be it. But this country doesn't even have ten billion-
Doflamingo: Of course it does. All you have to do is gather it from your beloved subjects.
Riku: What?!
Doflamingo: You have until dawn. No getting help from other countries.  I'm testing your power as king. However, you are not to tell your citizens about me. You have two options. Either avoid a fight by gathering money, or fight and see the blood of your subjects. Choose whichever you prefer.
Tank: Wouldn't it be better to fight Doflamingo, Your Majesty?
Riku: No! Calling it "fighting" might make it sound nicer, but it would be manslaughter, an inhuman act!
Tank: But even if we try to gather up money, there aren't many rich people in this kingdom. And besides, why should we have to pay money to the family that abandoned this country? If disobeying them means war, then so be it!
Riku: The fact that Dress Rosa has been at peace for eight hundred years proves that we are not beasts. Don't lower yourself to the level of animals!  Be human! I will not let people kill each other!
Tank: But...
Riku: Commander Tank! There are many things you'd like to say about this, I know. But the lives of our people take precedence above all else. I'm sure you feel the same way. Please!
Tank: We the Riku Royal Army trust our king with all our hearts, and will act according to His Majesty's wishes. We pride ourselves in working for you!
Riku: Well said, Tank.
Tank: Thank you, Sir. Forgive my rudeness earlier.
Riku: Now listen up!  We have no time! Send troops to all towns in Dress Rosa! We must gather up ten billion beli from this country! If we don't, this will become a kingdom ruled by pirates! I'm sure that gathering the money will mean that I'll lose the people's trust, but only for a few hours! Once this is all over, I will do whatever I can to make it up to them! That is all we can do.  We can't solve this through lies or stalling. Keep gathering money for as long as you can!  The life of this kingdom depends on it!
Guard: Yes, your Majesty!
Tank: Alright, follow me!
Citizen: It's the army. What could they want so late at night? Isn't that Commander Tank?
Tank: Stop! Listen to me, all of you! I want you to gather all the money you have and bring it here!
Citizen: What? Hey, what's wrong? What?  What is the meaning of this?
Guard: Just bring it here! Hurry!
Citizen: Do you really think the king will let you get away with this?
Tank: This is... an order... from the king!
Citizen: Do you really think the king will let you get away with this?
Tank: This is... an order... from the king! Quickly!  We can't explain our reasons, nor do we have time to wait! Please, just have faith in King Riku and bring whatever money you have here!
Citizen: But this is just so sudden...
Tank: This is madness!  There's no way they'll accept this!
Citizen: A Projector Snail?
Riku: To everyone in Dress Rosa.
Citizen: King Riku! It's King Riku!
Riku: I have a request.  It's rather sudden, and so unreasonable you might doubt your hearing, but... please don't ask me why I'm doing this. Please just get whatever money you have... and lend it all to me!
Citizen: The king's bowing down!
Tank: Your Majesty!
Citizen: But why would he ask this? It's just so sudden.
Vassal: Your Majesty, why are you bowing down to your people?! You mustn't!  You are the king! Please, stop this! Raise your head! If you're seen acting like this, you'll bring shame to your ancestors! Your Majesty! Why would you do this?! You'll become the whole world's laughing-stock! Stop this, now! Your Majesty!
Riku: I beg of you!  This is no joke! If you want proof of my sincerity, I'll gladly cut off my own hands or feet for you, right now! Listen close, Tank. Should the worst happen, I will at least try to take Doflamingo down myself.
Tank: King Riku, isn't that...
Riku: I leave the rest to you.
Tank: I cannot let His Majesty's faith be in vain! We must gather that money, whatever it takes! Even if I must... give up all respect I've ever gained as commander!
Riku: I beg of you!
Citizen: Hurry up, everyone!  Get your money, like the king asked you! That's right!  The king is kind, he'd never do this for selfish reasons! Yeah, he's gotta have some good reason for this! Bring all your money! Alright!
Tank: This proves the king's greatness.
Child: Here.
Soldier: Thank you.
Tank: Forgive me! People have wholeheartedly trusted the Riku Royal Family for eight hundred years. What a magnificent kingdom! This country will be saved! We will repay you!
Citizen: King Riku! Hooray for Dress Rosa! King Riku!
Riku: You all have my thanks.
Tank: Now carry the money back to the palace! Hurry!
Soldier: Yes, Sir! Commander Tank!
Tank: What?
Soldier: His Majesty is in the town of Sevio. Look at the screen.
Tank: What?
Soldier: Your Majesty.  You didn't need to come here.
Riku: Run!
Citizen: It's His Majesty! Your Majesty! King Riku!  We may not know what your reasons are, but we believe in you!
Riku: Run! Run away!
Soldier: King Riku!  What are you... Stop! That's the gunpowder storage! King Riku!
Tank: King Riku?!
Riku: No!  Stop this!
Soldier: King Riku, please stop! What's wrong with you?
Riku: Move!  Stay away from me! Get away!
Citizen: He's even killing the soldiers?!
Riku: My body's moving on its own!
Tank: What... is going on... King Riku?!
Doflamingo: Unbelievable! What a horrible king! The night is still young. Now, soldiers!  You dance too! Parasite Thread!
Soldier: W-What?  What's going on?! My arm's moving on its own!
Citizen: Now the soldiers have gone insane too! Don't! C-Commander! It's not me!  I can't control my body!
Tank: I know.  I can't either! Why is it moving of its own accord?! Is this what happened to the king?!
Citizen: King Riku, why?! He's never done anything wrong! Is it something we did?
Riku: There is no excuse for this. The country is done for! This was Doflamingo's trap!
Citizen: What has happened to you, Your Majesty! Please, stop!
Trébol: Hey, hey!  Can we start now, Doffy?
Doflamingo: Don't be so impatient, you fool. We will wait until the country has been plunged into the very depths of despair, and they curse King Riku with all their hearts. That is when the heroes will appear!
Narrator: Once the hero Doflamingo arrives, the tragic age begins!
