Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with  Trafalgar Law and have invaded Dress Rosa. And now, the truth about the nightmare that befell Dress Rosa ten years ago becomes clear.
Doflamingo: I am the rightful ruler of this kingdom.  The king has returned! I'll sell you the country for ten billion beli.
Riku: Please just get whatever money you have... and lend it all to me! No!  Stop this!
Soldier: King Riku, please stop! What's wrong with you?
Doflamingo: Unbelievable! What a horrible king! The night is still young. Now, soldiers!  You dance too! Parasite Thread!
Soldier: W-What?  What's going on?! My arm's moving on its own!
Tank: Why is it moving of its own accord?! Is this what happened to the king?!
Riku: There is no excuse for this. The country is done for! This was Doflamingo's trap!
Trebol: Hey, hey!  Can we start now, Doffy?
Doflamingo: Don't be so impatient, you fool. We will wait until the country has been plunged into the very depths of despair, and they curse King Riku with all their hearts. That is when the heroes will appear!
Vassal: Just what has happened to his majesty? The entire country has fallen into a panic. I felt that there was something strange about him when he ran out of the palace earlier. But for him to do something like this... Since this is no longer a matter we can handle ourselves, I've contacted the Navy. Captain Vergo said that he would handle things. That is great news.
Violet: Father... Father, why... Why did you do this? Snow? Monet?  What are you doing here? Why is a maid like you opening the palace gates?
Monet: Princess Viola, if you were to use your Clairvoyance, then you should be able to see what is truly going on in this country. I am now preparing to welcome the new royal family.
Violet: Who are...
Monet: Now then, let us go, Viola-sama.
Soldier: The eastern tower is on fire! Pirates have invaded the palace! Viola-sama has been taken hostage!
Pink: This palace has a good view. It's not bad.
Buffalo: Yeah, it's great -dasuyan.
Machvise: It's a palace worthy of the young master -in!
Soldier: Stop right there! Are you Doflamingo's subordinates?! Monet, release Viola-sama! Did you guys do something to his majesty?!
Jiolla: My, things are going to get busy.
Lao: We must clean out the royal palace.
Violet: Father.
Citizen: Why is the Riku Royal Army doing this?!
Riku: Please stop! Please stop this! If I'm forced to hurt my citizens... I'd rather just die! Someone please, kill me!
Citizen: Why are you doing this, King Riku? Have we done something wrong? You were always righteous. You were... the king we were proud of. Since you asked for our money... We gave you everything we had. You've always thought of us first and foremost. We were proud of our king! King Riku... King Riku has trampled on our feelings! He's trying to kill us and steal our money! For his own greed, he's treating us like trash! Curse you, King Riku! I hate you! You're... You're the scum of humanity! The Riku Royal Army is coming! Hey, get out of there, run away! S-Save- Who are you people?
Doflamingo: I've come to save this country. My name is Donquixote Doflamingo.
Citizen: H-He's a pirate. A pirate? What's going on? Why is a pirate... But they beat the Riku Royal Army. It's King Riku!
Doflamingo: It's about time for the hero to show up. That was a beautiful dance, King Riku. Trébol, Pica, Diamante.  Go clean up the trash.
Citizen: He did it. He did it. He did it! We're saved. Doflamingo! Doflamingo! Doflamingo!
Doflamingo: Fall into depravity, embrace violence.
Audience: Don't run! Fight, you cheater! We'll never forgive that villain's family! Just die already, Rebecca! Hurry and get cut down! You're trash! Just die!
Thunder Soldier: In just one night, the country fell under Doflamingo's control.
Usopp: What a story, it's like a nightmare.
Robin: He's a cunning man.
Franky: I-I-I'll never forgive you, Doflamingo!
Gancho: At the time, we too believed that King Riku had gone crazy, and approached the new king, Doflamingo. This was the result. I am ashamed that we couldn't believe in King Riku.
Usopp: I see, it's really too bad. Everyone loved the king so much, yet he died while being cursed for a crime he never committed.
Thunder Soldier: No, King Riku is still alive. Doflamingo wanted the ability of the princess at the time, Viola-sama. So she gave him a condition.
Violet: If you promise not to kill my father, then I will serve under you!
Thunder Soldier: She is alive right now as Doflamingo's subordinate. She changed her name to Violet, and is now a commander in the Family.
Usopp: C-Commander? Then, thanks to the princess, King Riku is...
Thunder Soldier: Yes, he is alive somewhere in this country. But, the pain he has gone through these past ten years is unimaginable. And how hard it must have been for Viola-sama. Fear, anger, tears! I wonder how she's spent the last ten years. Controlled just like King Riku was, and forced to hurt the citizens. The anger of those soldiers, must be just as large.
Usopp: Weren't King Riku's soldiers killed on that night?
Thunder Soldier: Some were killed and some bowed down to Doflamingo. They now live as his guards.
Franky: They changed sides!
Thunder Soldier: I believe they were forced to make a difficult decision.
Citizen: Don't screw with us!
Doflamingo: They were under orders from the crazed King Riku. Allow me to make them my subordinates.
Franky: If that's the case then they make me want to cry! Every last one of them! It's a tragedy. I feel bad for all of you!
Thunder Soldier: The soldiers that were killed, and the ones that bowed down. Even if we add them up, they're too few to make up the army of a country.
Franky: What are you talking about?
Thunder Soldier: I mean that I have lost memories as well.
Usopp: You've lost your memories?
Thunder Soldier: Fraland.  I showed you in town, correct? We remember everything from when we were human, but everyone else, even our families, forgot everything about us.
Usopp: What?!
Thunder Soldier: Nobody knows they've forgotten about people important to them. That is the greatest tragedy of Dress Rosa, and it goes for us toys as well.
Robin: So among all those toys walking around town, there may be some of your old comrades. But you yourself have forgotten them so you don't know?
Thunder Soldier: Exactly. Also, everyone who was turned into a toy harbors hatred toward Doflamingo.
Toy: What the hell, why have I been turned into a toy! Don't touch my wife! Dammit, I wanna say something, but I can't! Damn you, Doflamingo! I hate you, Doflamingo! Isn't there anyone who can defeat Doflamingo?!
Thunder Soldier: Doflamingo has buried anyone who opposed him. Which means that in the country's darkness, there are countless people who oppose him. That unknown number of tragedies is the key to our plan.
Franky: I see, so that's it. That's what you meant when you said you still have a chance. True, with just these numbers, taking on a Warlord and his crew would be near impossible. But if every toy in the country were to join us,  then that would make for quite the fighting force.
Usopp: Hey, wait up a bit! Why are you trying to go after Doflamingo as well?! Our only goal is the destruction of the factory. When we've done that, we're getting out of this country. Isn't that right, Robin?
Robin: I won't forgive Doflamingo.
Usopp: There, you see...
Leo: Today is the day of our long awaited final battle! The event of this morning was a challenge to us! And the fact that Usoland appeared here today is no coincidence! It is the heavens telling us to fight!
Usoland: The event of this morning?
Thunder Soldier: Yeah, when Doflamingo temporarily abdicated his throne.
Usopp: Oh that, yeah, we were the-
Thunder Soldier: Can you imagine our delight when we heard the news? We thought a miracle had occurred. And then the notice that it was misinformation. To us, it was like being dropped from heaven into the depths of hell. So it was only natural for us to make today the day we fight him.
Usopp: Umm, I'm really sorry.
Riku: Even though you're retired, you brought a ship over here?
Chinjao: Well I don't have anyone to take over the Happou Navy. If only I had a grandchild.
Riku: I see. So things aren't going well, even for the villains. Is it just my imagination? I feel like there's a gap in my memory. I had the same feeling ten years ago.
Boo: What the hell, where on earth am I going?! Gramps, save me!
Abdullah: What did they do to me, the lone wolf, Abdullah?!
Jeet: What did they do to me, the maverick warrior, Jeet?!
All: Help!
Luffy: Zoro! Damn that hen-comb guy. He said he'd show me the way, then he just collapsed. Is Zoro really here? Hey, Zoro, Kin'emon!
Narrator: Law's attempt at getting revenge angers Doflamingo, and the battle reaches the worst possible conclusion.
