Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and have invaded Dress Rosa. Luffy joined the battle tournament where the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit, and has made it through the preliminary round. At the same time, Usopp and the others are talking to the Thunder Soldier, who is telling them about the nightmare that befell Dress Rosa ten years ago.
Riku: Please stop this! If I'm forced to hurt my citizens... Someone please, kill me!
Doflamingo: I've come to save this country. My name is Donquixote Doflamingo.
Thunder Soldier: In just one night, the country fell under Doflamingo's control.
Gancho: At the time, we too believed that King Riku had gone crazy, and approached the new king, Doflamingo. And the result is as you can see. I am ashamed that we couldn't believe in King Riku.
Usopp: I see, it's really too bad. Everyone loved the king so much, yet he died while being cursed for a crime he never committed.
Thunder Soldier: No, King Riku is still alive. The soldiers that were killed, and the ones that bowed down. Even if we add them up, they're too few to make up the army of a country. Also, everyone who was turned into a toy, harbors hatred towards Doflamingo. That unknown number of tragedies is the key to our plan.
Title: Battle of the Warlords Law VS Doflamingo
Luffy: Hey!  Here I am! Zoro!  Kin'emon!
Zoro: Luffy! You're being too loud, you idiot! What if someone finds you?!
Kin'emon: Be quiet!
Luffy: Sorry about that.  Still, I'm glad I found you.
Kin'emon: I had my doubts, but it would appear that the odd-speaking fellow was able to carry out his mission.
Zoro: Where is he?
Luffy: He just collapsed on the way here.
Zoro: I see.  What was with that guy anyway?
Luffy: I dunno.
Bellamy: I finally found you, Straw Hat! Joker wants me to kill Straw Hat?
Diamante: Get it done before the tournament ends. Do so, and you'll finally be a member of the Family.
Bellamy: Sorry about this, Straw Hat. I... want to be on Doflamingo's ship!
Luffy: Hey Bellamy, you can do it!
Bellamy: In any case, I bear you no grudge. I won't laugh at you anymore.
Luffy: And then he just suddenly fell over and...
Zoro: Hey, Luffy.  What's wrong?
Luffy: It's nothing.  Anyway... After that I didn't know where to go, so...
Dellinger: Ah, there you are, Bellamy. Are you done with the assassination yet? Doesn't seem like it.
Bellamy: What do you want, Dellinger?!
Dellinger: Well, I figured... you'd lose your nerve and be unable to kill him.
Bellamy: What?!
Dellinger: Well, I guess it was unavoidable, seeing who the target was. Well, it doesn't really matter whether you succeed or not.
Bellamy: What's that supposed to mean?!
Dellinger: The assassination order was just one of his whims. He said it was a pain having you cling to him all the time, so I'm meant to kill you right here. The young master's orders.
Bellamy: What... the hell?!
Dellinger: Oops! I wasn't supposed to mention that! Sorry!
Bellamy: You've gotta be kidding me!
Dellinger: Our pleasant little chat... ends now. Do me a favor and die quickly.
Law: Room!
Doflamingo: What's the matter, Law?! I thought you were going to kill me?
Law: Room! Tact! Mes!
Doflamingo: Law seems to be getting pretty worn out. You're not getting away, brat!
Law: Room! Shambles!
Doflamingo: What now? Your Ope Ope Fruit power is rather irritating. But if I remember right, there was a limit to how much you could use it. First you deflected Fujitora's meteor, after that you fought me, and then you had to back up Black Leg. How much longer can you keep this up? Bullet Thread!
Law: Room! Room!
Doflamingo: So what will you do, Law? Dress Rosa is right behind you.
Diamante: Doffy.
Doflamingo: Oh, Diamante?
Diamante: Oh, sorry.  Were you busy?
Doflamingo: Not particularly.  Go on.
Diamante: Violet has betrayed us.
Doflamingo: I see. Black Leg just showed up earlier, so I wondered what had happened.
Diamante: The plan was to have her expose Straw Hat's plan with her Giro Giro Fruit powers, but it seems we'll have to remain ignorant.
Doflamingo: Oh, no problems there. Diamante, station Lao G and the others around the entrances to the Smile factory.
Diamante: Don't be ridiculous. They're supposed to participate in the finale, to make things more exciting for the audience.
Doflamingo: You'll be more than enough to entertain them.
Diamante: Oh, you talk as if I'm some kind of prodigy.
Doflamingo: But you are.  Only you can do it.
Diamante: No really, stop acting like I'm-
Doflamingo: You are a prodigy!
Diamante: If you must insist, then very well!
Law: Doflamingo, you...
Doflamingo: Law.  You were going to distract me, and then the Straw Hats would use that chance to destroy the factory. Once the factory was destroyed, then it wouldn't matter if you were alive or dead. Having lost the Smiles, I would get killed by Kaidou. That was the plan, right? But you were defeated much sooner than you anticipated, and the Straw Hats will fall in turn. You may say you were just using them, but this plan required an immense amount of trust in the Straw Hats. Why do you... believe so strongly in him?
Law: "D" will definitely... cause another storm!
Luffy: So what did you want, Zoro?
Zoro: Listen, if there was a tournament like this going on, why didn't you invite me?!
Luffy: Sorry!
Zoro: Here we are running all over town while you're just having fun!
Kin'emon: That was not our message, sir!
Zoro: And anyway, how could you get beaten by that old geezer?
Luffy: I didn't get beaten! Did you miss my Gomu Gomu no Thor Elephant Gun?!
Marine: There's no doubt, that's... Vice-Admiral Bastille! Just as we thought, that man is the Pirate Hunter! What's more, we believe the man inside the Colosseum is Straw Hat Luffy!
Bastille: You mean the winner of Block C, Lucy? That explains his strength. So he's in this country, just like Smoker reported.
Marine: Shall we capture him?
Bastille: No, let him swim free for now. That place is crawling with... pirates, bounty-hunters and mercenaries renowned throughout the New World. If we go in there and cause a ruckus trying to capture Straw Hat, we'll be found out. We'll capture all the villains who come out of the colosseum, without letting a single one go free. If we're gonna do this, we might as well take them all down in one fell swoop.
Marine: The fighters who have been defeated are... Block C's Don Chinjao, and... Sai?  Boo?  Abdullah? I don't recognize any of these names. Were there really any pirates with these names?
Bastille: What are you talking about?! Those guys have caused a huge mess in the New... Huh?  Who did you say?
Marine: Oh, right.  Sai, Boo and Abdullah. Sai?  Boo? Abdullah? Who's that?
Bastille: Never heard of them. Huh?  But wait... Who are we even here to capture? What?
Kin'emon: Will this do?
Zoro: What are you doing?
Kin'emon: Sanji-dono told me to call him once we meet Luffy-dono.
Zoro: Okay. Oh right, Luffy. The navy has surrounded the colosseum.
Kin'emon: So casual!  That's what we came to say!
Chopper: Sanji, the Snail-Phone's ringing.
Sanji: That's Kin'emon.
Momonosuke: Is it?!  Then I will answer!
Brook: Oh, no you mustn't!
Sanji: Calling from the Sunny.
Luffy: Oh, Sanji?  It's me.
Nami: Luffy?
Sanji: Right, Chopper.  Use that one to contact Usopp.
Chopper: Sure. Alright...
Usopp: Usopp here!
Chopper: We've got contact!
Sanji: Alright, so now we've got everyone except Law. Sanji here, calling from the Sunny. Nami-san, Chopper, Brook, Momonosuke and Caesar are here with me. What's going on over there on your ends?
Kin'emon: Kin'emon speaking. I am in front of the colosseum, together with Luffy-dono and Zoro-dono.
Sanji: Alright.  What about you, Usopp?
Usopp: Usopp h-
Franky: Franky here! Usopp and Robin are here too.
Usopp: What are you doing?!
Franky: Listen up, all of you. We're here together with the rebels fighting Doflamingo, the Riku Royal Army.
Sanji: Army?
Franky: An army of dwarves.
Luffy: Dwarves?
Leo: Usoland, what are you doing?
Usopp: We're having a hero's meeting!  Don't eavesdrop!
Leo: Very well.
Dwarves: Excuse us!
Franky: Hey Luffy, do you remember? That strange soldier we met in front of the colosseum?
Luffy: Yeah.  So what's this about dwarves?
Franky: It turns out he was the captain of this army.
Luffy: Really?  He's the dwarves' captain?
Franky: And the gang gathered here are planning to fight Doflamingo, today.
Luffy: Wait, soldier?
Rebecca: He intends to sacrifice his own life... to bring down this kingdom!
Luffy: Oh, right!  About that toy-soldier... He's the one Rebecca wanted to stop! Franky, you've gotta stop that army!
Franky: Like hell! I'm trying to say the exact opposite of that! Did you talk to that Rebecca-girl?
Luffy: Yeah.  She's really nice. She's poor, and she still bought me three lunch-boxes! But once she entered the fight, the audience started really pissing me off!
Franky: I agree. Luffy.  I... can't follow Traf's plan!
Usopp: H-Hey, Franky, what are you saying?!
Franky: Traf's plan was like this, right? We destroy the factory, and then let Doflamingo live so that we can use him to get to Kaidou. But if we do that... what becomes of the guys who are planning to fight Doflamingo today? The dwarves won't back down. This country may have seemed like fun, but there's a deep, deep darkness here. They're all about to put their lives on the line to destroy that darkness! Considering their size, that's really inspiring. This tiny, brave army is standing up to that filthy, gigantic foe. I... can't abandon them. Do you think that we should still let Doflamingo win in spite of that? Luffy.  It doesn't matter what you say... I won't back down!
Usopp: Franky...
Rebecca: Soldier-san's gonna die.
Luffy: Franky. Do whatever you want! We'll be right there!
Franky: Thanks!
Sanji: Alright, let's turn around.
Chopper & Brook: Whaaat?!
Nami: I knew it!
Marine: What? What's going on in the city?! Isshou-san, there's a huge fight taking place in the city!
Fujitora: Let's move.
Usopp: What's that?  I heard a loud noise from your end.
Kin'emon: What could that be?  The city is...
Zoro: Whatever it is, it's getting closer!
Luffy: What's going on?!  I can't see! What's happening?!
Citizen: What?!
Marine: Vice-Admiral Bastille, is that...
Bastille: Move out! What is all this?
Luffy: Doflamingo! Traf!
Doflamingo: You brat!
Luffy: Hey, Traf! Why are you with Doflaming-
Doflamingo: You got too cocky for your own good.
Law: Cora-san...
Luffy: Traf!
Narrator: Surrounded on all sides by the Navy, Luffy and Law's alliance faces a desperate crisis, and the Straw Hat Pirates finally jump into action. To free Law, destroy the factory, and grant Rebecca's wish... Luffy accepts all these wishes, and makes a determined shout before the battle!
