Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors,  rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and have invaded Dress Rosa. Luffy joined the battle tournament where  the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit, and has made it through the preliminary round.
Luffy: So what did you want, Zoro?
Narrator: After having finally met up with Luffy, Zoro contacted the other crewmates via Snail Phone to discuss the situation.
Franky: We're here together with the rebels fighting  Doflamingo, the Riku Royal Army.
Sanji: Army?
Franky: An army of dwarves.
Luffy: Dwarves?
Franky: And the gang gathered here are planning  to fight Doflamingo, today.
Luffy: Wait, soldier?
Rebecca: He intends to sacrifice his own life... to bring down this kingdom!
Luffy: Franky, you've gotta stop that army!
Franky: Like hell! This tiny, brave army... I... can't abandon them.
Luffy: Soldier-san's gonna die. Franky. Do whatever you want! We'll be right there!
Franky: Thanks!
Sanji: Alright, let's turn around.
Chopper & Brook: Whaaat?!
Nami: I knew it!
Kin'emon: What could that be?  The city is...
Zoro: Whatever it is, it's getting closer!
Luffy: Doflamingo! Traf!
Doflamingo: You brat!
Luffy: Hey, Traf! Why are you with Doflaming-
Doflamingo: You got too cocky for your own good.
Law: Cora-san...
Luffy: Traf!
Usopp: Hey, what was that explosion and gunshot?! What happened to Traf?!
Sanji: Can you hear me, Luffy?! What's going on over there?! Answer me, Luffy!
Doflamingo: Sorry for making a scene. The pirate and Warlord, Trafalgar Law. He's the one behind the news this morning about me abdicating the throne.
Citizen: He was...? Relinquishing his position as a Warlord?  What's going on? Dress Rosa is done for! King! Your Majesty?! Why did you step down? Please give us an explanation, Your Majesty.
Doflamingo: He tried to force me off the throne. Don't worry, I've just dealt with him.
Citizen: So that's what happened. Dress Rosa almost got completely messed up because of him. Thank goodness!
Luffy: Hey, Mingo! How dare you do that to Traf!
Doflamingo: Straw Hat, you have no right to condemn me. Law was originally my subordinate. I'll be the one to discipline him.
Zoro: Kin, you carry Traf!
Kin'emon: Understood!
Marine: Vice Admiral-dono, the Pirate Hunter is attacking.  Should we capture him?
Bastille: Yes.
Fujitora: Wait a moment.
Chopper: Hey, explain it to us! What's going on?!
Kin'emon: Law-dono has been shot by Doflamingo right before our eyes.
Usopp: Did you hear that?
Doflamingo: The Pirate Hunter and Foxfire Kin'emon... I saw a kid that looks like Momonosuke on the ship just earlier.
Zoro: Don't let him get to you. We won't let him have Momo.
Kin'emon: That goes without being said.
Zoro: He's...
Fujitora: Pardon me.
Luffy: You're really strong, old guy! Who are you?
Fujitora: It would seem...  that it'd be better for the both of us if I didn't tell you.
Zoro: What's with this weight? How does this guy have so much power?
Luffy: Zoro!
Kin'emon: Zoro-dono.
Usopp: What happened to Zoro, Kin'emon?!
Kin'emon: Zoro-dono has disappeared.
Luffy: Kin'emon! I'm coming now! Oh yeah, these were made of Sea Stone.
Brook: Kine'mon-san, are you okay? You haven't been killed, have you?!
Marine: Admiral-dono!
Fujitora: A flying slash. This one's quite strong. Get the citizens as far away from here as possible.
Marines: Yes sir.
Zoro: So the blind old gambling man was a Navy Admiral. How about that.
Luffy: Admiral?!
Kin'emon: He's an Admiral?
Brook: It's Kin'emon-san's voice! Thank goodness, you're alive!
Fujitora: I thank you for before. Even though you all helped me out, it seems I'm repaying you with ingratitude. This job often brings bad karma.
Kin'emon: Oh my, the man with Doflamingo is... a... a Navy Admiral!
Franky: An Admiral is on Dress Rosa right now?
Robin: It's possible that Doflamingo has made the Navy his allies. If that's the case, then the number of enemies we'll be facing is unknown.
Usopp: It's not a problem of numbers, just facing off against one Admiral is really dangerous!
Kin'emon: Oh no! Law-dono!  Law-dono!
Zoro: How are they both flying?!
Kin'emon: Are you still alive?  Answer me!
Doflamingo: We'll continue our talk at the palace, Fujitora. If you cooperate with me, I'll give you the heads of those brats.
Fujitora: I'll hear you out, Heavenly Yaksha. But I'll decide what to do after that.
Zoro: You're not getting away!
Marines: We've completed the evacuation of the citizens. Capture Roronoa Zoro!
Zoro: Looks like they know who we are.
Kin'emon: So it would seem.
Zoro: So for now, let's run!
Luffy: Traf!
Kin'emon: This is Kin'emon, Law-dono has been taken by them!
Zoro: Hey Luffy, hurry and find an exit! We'll keep running around here and wait for you!
Luffy: Alright, I'll hurry. I can still sense Traf.  He's alive. It's Brook and the others. What's going on now?
Brook: T-T-T-This...
Luffy: What's going on on the Sunny?
Marines: They were behind us!
Zoro: Dammit, they found us.
Brook: This is bad! It's Big Mom's...
Chopper: ...flagship!
Ship: Ship, ship.
Brook: What is the ship of one of the Emperors doing here?!
Sanji: Is the prow singing?
Ship: Ship, ship.
Marines: Capture them!
Luffy: Really?! Big Mom's ship?!
Chopper: We're gonna die!
Luffy: What's going on, is Big Mom on that ship?
Zoro: Luffy, let's talk while running.
Luffy: Got it.
Sanji: I don't know, but those two we met on Fishman Island are onboard.
Pekoms: Mama, I've spotted Caesar -gao!
Tamago: As we thought, he was with them -bon. We should sink their ship and pull Caesar up -soir.
Usopp: Big Mom?! I told you so. This is because you picked a fight with her, Luffy!
Sanji: They seem to be after Caesar.
Robin: Caesar?
Franky: Why would they want him?
Sanji: You're really popular aren't you, evil scientist! Is that ship here to save you as well?!
Caesar: No. Save me please! You can't let Big Mom capture me! I got my research funds... by tricking her and ripping her off!
Sanji: What did you say?
Caesar: W-Well... let's not talk about the details! Anyway if I'm captured, they'll find out that I've stolen the money and kill me!
Sanji: Like I care about your life!
Caesar: Don't say that, please!
Sanji: Well, I can't let them take you anyway, so shut up!
Brook: T-T-That's... They're gonna shoot at us!
Nami: Someone take the helm.
Brook: R-Right, I'll do it.
Sanji: Damn, we're getting farther away from Dress Rosa.  They couldn't have picked a worse time to appear! Can you lose them?
Brook: I don't know! Pray to the heavens!
Chopper: Brook, you can do it!
Brook: I'll try my best!
Franky: Are you okay, Sanji? Don't you dare bring an Emperor to this country. This whole country would fall into panic and the soldier's plans will be screwed.
Luffy: By the way, why is Caesar on the ship?
Zoro: I guess negotiations have broken down. Why else would Traf end up like that?
Marine: Wait!
Sanji: Law told us to take Caesar to the next island, that why he's here.
Nami: Sanji-kun, I don't think we should go back to Dress Rosa. I understand that you want to meet up and rescue Traf. And that you want to help the dwarves. I'm not saying this because I'm scared. Listen, Luffy. We have three cards that we're competing with Doflamingo for. Caesar, the Smile factory, and for some reason, Momonosuke. We still haven't destroyed the Smile factory. But we have the other two cards right here. The reason Traf fought, was as a decoy to lure Doflamingo away from these cards. He may also be trying to buy time to destroy the factory. If we go there and give up the cards that Traf tried so hard to protect... All his hard work will be in vain.
Luffy: You're right. Alright, we'll definitely get Traf back! What was the next island called?
Kin'emon: It's called Zou.
Luffy: Sanji. Nami. Chopper. Brook. Momo. You guys, go on ahead to Zou.
Sanji: If you say so... Roger, Captain! But I'd like your permission for something.
Luffy: Permission?
Sanji: Yeah, permission to... attack Big Mom's ship!
Luffy: Yeah, sure.
Nami: You're joking.
Luffy: We've already picked a fight with her.
Sanji: You got that right.
Brook: That's too dangerous!
Nami: Please stop!
Sanji: Alright, we'll be waiting for you guys on Zou.
Franky: Got it. Leave the destruction of the factory to us!
Luffy: Everyone, be careful.
Sanji: Got it.
Franky: Got it.
Luffy: Both Traf's life... ...and Rebecca's wishes... They're both in his hands. We're heading to the palace. And... We're gonna send Doflamingo flying!
Narrator: Once, the legendary pirate Whitebeard said that someone would carry on Ace's will. Two years later, Luffy has overcome his brother's death, and now, that man appears before him!
