Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and have invaded Dress Rosa. Luffy joined the battle tournament where the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit, and has made it through the preliminary round.
Luffy: Traf!
Narrator: But then, just after Luffy had met up with Zoro and Kin'emon, he saw Law get shot by Doflamingo.
Luffy: How dare you do that to Traf!
Doflamingo: Law was originally my subordinate. I'll be the one to discipline him.
Title: Luffy, Shocked The Man Who Possesses Ace's Will
Dellinger: Oh, I'm so sorry! I was going to give you a quick death, but I missed your vital organs.
Bellamy: I... I refuse to believe this! I swore my loyalty to Joker! I... Don't tell me your stupid lies, Dellinger! Spring... Death Knock!
Dellinger: I understand how you feel. But our family... has no need for dead weight like you.
Bellamy: Damn it... Is running really all I can do? Still, I refuse to believe what he said! Where are you, Joker?  I want to hear it from you!
Dellinger: You don't know when to quit. Don't trouble the young master any more than you already have, okay? Bye bye, Bellamy.
Bartolomeo: Barrier!
Dellinger: What is the meaning of this?!
Bellamy: Bartolomeo?
Dellinger: This has nothing to do with you!
Bartolomeo: True.  I just felt like raising this barrier.
Dellinger: This is a family matter!  I'll kill you too!
Bartolomeo: Just try.  Nobody can break my barrier.
Dellinger: What?  I'm busy!
Diamante: It's me, Dellinger. Sounds like you still haven't finished off Bellamy. You slowpoke.
Dellinger: Oh, shut up!  Something got in the way.
Diamante: Never mind, we'll deal with that later. Doffy has a new order for you. Go help Lao G and the others protect the Toys' House.  Right now.
Dellinger: Wait, Diamante!  I'll be done here in a second!
Diamante: Be quiet!  Do you plan to disobey Doffy?!
Bellamy: "A new order"? So I... really was...
Dellinger: You gotta be kidding... Get real! Get out of my way. I'm going... to kick Bellamy to death! Move it!
Bartolomeo: No way.  I ain't removing the barrier. I heard that call just now. So get out of here!
Dellinger: Damn barrier-bastard! I'll get you for this! You're not leaving Dress Rosa alive!
Bartolomeo: Scram, you little brat!
Bellamy: That was Diamante's voice, no doubt about it. So that order was for real? Doflamingo really did... order me killed? So if I win this tournament, I'll become a commander in the Family?
Doflamingo: Of course. Do your best. I've got high hopes for you.
Bellamy: I will!
Bartolomeo: I'll take you to the hospital room.
Bellamy: I don't need your help! I've lost my goal in life. And anyway, why would you help me? In the battle royale earlier... I was trying to kill all of you guys! We fought in the same ring!
Bartolomeo: What? When two men have exchanged blows on the battlefield, that makes them comrades in arms! I'd never abandon a comrade, no matter how rotten he may be!
Thunder Soldier: The situation is like I explained. As for our plan to expose the tragedies that have been buried in the darkness, I've given it the following name. The Dress Rosa SOP Operation.
Franky: SOP?  What's that mean?
Thunder Soldier: There is a massive underground world in this country. Inside is the trade port, for making secret deals, as well as the factory of darkness. Our Tontattan friends and all the people turned into toys are being forced to work there.
Franky: I see!  So what does SOP mean?
Thunder Soldier: We will break in there using the tunnel we've spent the last year digging, and rescue everyone there!
Franky: I see.  So I guess there must be some deep hidden meaning behind the name SOP?
Robin: Be quiet, Franky.
Thunder Soldier: Then we will destroy the facilities, take down the Doflamingo Family, and restore King Riku! That is the objective of our plan.
Usopp: You talk as if it's gonna be easy.
Thunder Soldier: Of course, the plan is extremely idealistic. We have no idea what will happen to Dress Rosa in the next few minutes. First and foremost, there is one mission we absolutely must carry out. Doflamingo's subordinate, the one who turned us into toys... We must knock the Hobby Hobby Fruit user unconscious!
Usopp: Hobby Hobby Fruit?
Thunder Soldier: What do you think will happen then?
Robin: Will the spell be broken?
Thunder Soldier: That's right!  All the toys in Dress Rosa... will return to human form at once! At the same time, the people will regain whatever memories they have lost. We can't guess what will happen after that. Not how many people will fight alongside us, nor what the people will think, nor what actions they'll take. Or what move Doflamingo will make. What move the Navy will make. The only thing we can say for sure, is that panic will erupt throughout the country.
Usopp: So, where is this Hobby Hobby Fruit user? And he's really strong, right?
Thunder Soldier: According to the Tontatta reconnaissance unit, she's in the trade port right now. She is a special commander in the Donquixote Family's Trébol Army. Sugar! A girl who can turn anyone she touches into a toy. She looks like a child, because whoever eats this fruit stops aging once they do. She is regarded as one of Doflamingo's most valuable subordinates, so one of his top commanders, Trébol, is guarding her at all times.
Robin: So if we can just make her fall unconscious, the toys will return to normal?
Thunder Soldier: Indeed! We will scare Sugar half to death and make her faint. That is... Operation Sugar Oversurprise Panic! I combined the first letters from each of those words to form the name SOP.
Franky: That's a great operation name!
Usopp: If the enemy is just a little girl, then you can leave this to me!
Franky: Alright, I'm fired up! Franky Hair Salon! Battle-Hair!
Dwarf: Fraland! Usoland! You're so dependable!
Usopp: Indeed!  We are here for you!
Franky: There's no way we can lose this battle! Take us to the underground passage, little ones!
Dwarf: Usolanders!
Narrator: Meanwhile, Luffy was searching for the exit to the Corrida Colosseum.
Luffy: Huh? I don't see any exits. Where am I?
Bartolomeo: Someday, I will work under Luffy-senpai. That's my dream.
Voice: You could at least close the door again!
Luffy: The toilet? Oh, you're the hen-comb guy! I'm so glad to see you!
Bartolomeo: L-L-Luffy-senpai! No! Keep it together, Bartolomeo! Do you really want to give up the chance to speak with the Pirate King?
Luffy: Oh, Bellamy.
Bartolomeo: Damn it!  He's shining too brightly, I can't look him in the eyes! L-Luffy-senpai! Did you m-manage to meet up with Zoro-senpai?
Luffy: Yeah, I talked to him.  Thanks!
Bartolomeo: Oh, it was nothing!
Luffy: So I suddenly have something I need to do, so I've gotta leave... but I can't find the exit.
Bellamy: This colosseum doesn't have an exit.
Luffy: Huh? Is it just me... or have your injuries gotten worse?
Bellamy: Once a fighter enters the colosseum, they can never leave. You're wasting your time looking for an exit.
Luffy: What?  What do you mean? For real? There really isn't one?! Aren't you supposed to be Doflamingo's underling? So you've gotta know something!
Bellamy: His underling?  I couldn't even become that!
Luffy: Please!  My friend is in danger!
Bellamy: I'm leaving. If you follow me, you might be able to get out too... Maybe.
Luffy: Alright, thanks! You'll take me out?
Bellamy: All I'm saying is, you might make it out by coincidence if you follow me. You want me to betray my boss? I... can't betray Doflamingo! I have too much respect for him.
Bartolomeo: Hey, didn't he just...
Bellamy: Shut up! I have my own morals I must stick to.
Luffy: Got it.  I'll tag along behind you then.
Bartolomeo: But then, Luffy-senpai... What about the Mera Mera Fruit?
Luffy: There's someone I really don't want to have it, but I've got no choice. My friends' lives are more important.
Bartolomeo: Don't worry, I'll handle it! It's a memento of Ace-sama.  I was always planning to give it to you, Luffy-senpai!
Luffy: Huh?  You'll give it to me?
Bartolomeo: Of course!  If anyone should have it, it's you!
Luffy: Your accent keeps getting heavier.
Bartolomeo: Ah'll definitely get ya the Mera Mera Fruit! Just go do whatever it was ya needed to do!
Bellamy: Who are you talking to?
Luffy: Alright, that really helps.
Sabo: I won't let you have the Mera Mera Fruit... Straw Hat Luffy.
Bartolomeo: Who're you? Why're you just casually talking to Luffy-senpai like that? He is the younger brother of that legendary pirate Fire Fist Ace-sama, and the future Pirate King, you dumbass!
Sabo: I've known that for a long time.
Luffy: What's your problem?!  Just showing up and telling me you won't let me have the Mera Mera Fruit!
Bartolomeo: What's he doing?  How dare he act all chummy with Luffy-senpai?! See?  He got him mad!
Luffy: Y-You can't be...
Sabo: It's been so long... Luffy.
Zoro: Why'd you come out crying?!
Marine: You couldn't find the Pirate Hunter?! Didn't I tell you to keep your guard up?! Call the Vice-Admiral! Yes, Sir!
Kin'emon: The Navy has completely fallen for our disguise.  They believe us to be toys.
Zoro: This is still cutting it too close! And why'd you choose these specific animals?
Kin'emon: I thought these animals were kewl!  Especially, carps?
Zoro: Oh, shut up you!  Do you even want to save Traf?!
Luffy: We'll save Traf!  I'll send Mingo flying! And we don't have to worry about the Mera Mera Fruit either.
Zoro: What do you mean?
Koala: It seems Robin-san is somewhere in this country too. I'd really like to see her again. I'm glad you got to meet up with your friend.
Sabo: Yeah... I thought he was going to hit me.
Koala: Are you crying?
Sabo: As if!
Koala: Could you have made a difference if you were there? Nobody can say for sure.
Sabo: You're right. Once you've figured out what's happening underground, tell me.
Koala: Of course.
Sabo: In any case, I will get Ace's Mera Mera Fruit. We will carry on his will!
Luffy: I did't thing he waz alive...
Zoro: Who are you talking about?!
Luffy: I thought... h-h-he... he died back then!
Narrator: After his fateful reunion, Luffy races toward the royal palace to take down Doflamingo. Meanwhile, the hero Usoland advances through the underground to carry out Operation SOP, and discovers another world in the depths of Dress Rosa!
