Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with  Trafalgar Law and have invaded Dress Rosa. Luffy joined a battle tournament where the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit, and has made it through the preliminary round. Meanwhile, deep underground in Dress Rosa, the Thunder Soldier and the Tontattans were preparing for battle.
Thunder Soldier: The SOP Operation. Doflamingo's subordinate, the one who turned us into toys... We must knock the Hobby Hobby Fruit user unconscious!
Usopp: Hobby Hobby Fruit?
Thunder Soldier: What do you think will happen then?
Robin: Will the spell be broken?
Thunder Soldier: That's right!  All the toys in Dress Rosa... will return to human form at once!
Robin: So if we can just make her fall unconscious, the toys will return to normal?
Thunder Soldier: Indeed! We will scare Sugar half to death and make her faint. That is... Operation Sugar Oversurprise Panic!
Luffy: Y-You can't be...
Sabo: It's been so long...
Luffy: I thought he died back then!
Title: Commence Operation SOP Usoland Charges
Zoro: Will you stop crying?!
Luffy: But...
Kin'emon: For you to cry so loudly... You must be incredibly happy this person is alive.
Zoro: Okay, seriously, who are we talking about?
Luffy: M-My brother!
Zoro: Huh?  Brother?
Kin'emon: What?!  Luffy-dono, you have a brother?
Zoro: Wasn't Fire-Fist Ace your brother? You mean Ace is still alive?
Luffy: This really takes me back!
Zoro: Answer the question!
Ace: When we become pirates, we might not be crewmates on the same ship... but our bonds will keep us connected as brothers! No matter where we are or what we do, our bond will not be broken! With this, starting today, we're... brothers!
Luffy: Ace was right! We're brothers forever!
Zoro: Again, who are you talking about?!
Thunder Soldier: Everyone ready?
Gnome: Yeah!
Thunder Soldier: We will now take the underground passage, and go into the enemy trading port!
Leo: Our goal is one little girl. Sugar!
Flapper: She may be small, but she's no pushover!
Leo: We will knock Sugar out, and turn all the toys in the country back into humans!
Gnome: Yeah!
Gancho: Then we will save our fellow Tontattans... and return Dress Rosa to King Riku!
Gnome: Yeah!
Kabu: The Yellow Bee Squad...
Bian: and the Pink Bee Squad will be the vanguard!
Kabu: Let's go!
Bian: Full speed ahead!
Robin: It's finally beginning.
Usopp: Yeah. But... About going to the port... It's so cramped! Robiland and I will barely be able to fit in there.
Franky: What should I do?
Usopp: Fraland, you'd better take off your shoulders and arms.
Franky: Alright, take off my shoulders and- Hey, I can't do that! Hey, that tunnel is way too small for me-land.
Leo: We weren't thinking about big humans using it.
Thunder Soldier: You'll just have to enter through the Toys' House. The Toys' House lies beneath  the plateau of the royal palace. It's where the toys go every night. Human entry is forbidden.
Franky: House?  The toys live there?
Thunder Soldier: It's a house in name only.   There are no beds or anything. There's just a passage to the underground.
Franky: A passage?
Thunder Soldier: Every night, the toys take that passage... and work underground all night long.
Usopp: So the toys out in town are dead tired all the time?
Thunder Soldier: Indeed they are.  And the same goes... for the enslaved Tontattans.
Franky: How awful!  That's too awful for words!
Usopp: A-Anyway... Fraland can get to the Smile factory that way, right?
Thunder Soldier: Correct.  The entrances are each of the four cardinal directions. However, they're all heavily guarded.
Franky: Just how I like it. I'll cause a huge ruckus while I'm there!
Thunder Soldier: W-Why would you do that?
Franky: That'll make things easier for you, right?
Thunder Soldier: You mean...
Franky: While I'm distracting them, you take out Sugar!
Pirate: Who's that? Swimming briefs? What's up with your head?! Is that a weapon? Or is he just dumb? Hey, look at his forked chin! No doubt about it!  That's Cyborg Franky of the Straw Hat Pirates! What?!  Seriously?! Señor!
Pink: Don't cling to me, little girls. Go hang with a younger guy.
Señor: You kids... are not my type.
Franky: What's with that pervert?
Pirate: You're one to talk! Calling from Toys' House eastern entrance! One of them's here!
Franky: You will let me in. Weapons Left!
Pirate: Fire! One of the Straw Hat Pirates!  It's Cyborg Franky!
Franky: Coup de... Vent!
Doflamingo: Would you look at that. The fools have started rampaging. It's your job to assist the World  Government's member nations, right?
Fujitora: Pardon me.
Diamante: So they've begun?
Sugar: The Toys' House is under attack.
Trébol: Don't worry about it! The Straw Hats are after the Smile factory. Even if they make it here...
Sugar: What?
Trébol: You can just make them all toys!  Right? Nobody knows! Nobody knows about you!
Sugar: You're right.
Thunder Soldier: We've almost reached the trading port.
Usopp: Sorry about this.
Leo: No need to apologize!
Gnome: Helping Usoland the hero... is an honor! Captain!  Fraland has started his assault by the Toys' House!
Thunder Soldier: I see.
Franky: I'll cause a huge ruckus while I'm there!
Thunder Soldier: I hope he's alright.
Usopp: No need to worry!  He's a super-cyborg!
Thunder Soldier: I've just received word that four of the Family's commanders are guarding the Toys' House.
Usopp: C-Commanders?
Gnome: It had to be the Diamante Army, of all people! They're martial artists.
Usopp: They're pretty strong, right?
Gnome: Their victory rate in the battle tournaments is 100%. They're the Colosseum's greatest heroes.
Usopp: 100%? You mean they've never lost?!
Thunder Soldier: Exactly.  So in other words, Nobody knows the full extent of their power!
Pirate: Alright!  Franky hasn't realized that Señor has snuck up behind him! What?!
Pink: Are you blind?
Franky: Huh?  Where'd you come from?! Strong Right!
Pirate: Why would you willingly get in front of him?!
Pink: Why did I emerge right in  front of my enemy, you ask? The only time a man should do  anything from behind someone... is when he's removing a lady's dress. Then again, the only time you  should appear before someone, is when you steal a kiss from a lady.
Pirate: Señor, you da man!
Franky: Are you all a bunch of super-idiots?! What kind of power is that?
Usopp: H-How big is the enemy's elite force, Leo?
Leo: Ten commanders govern over two thousand henchmen scattered throughout this land. In turn, those ten commanders answer to the three top commanders. Each of whom governs their own specialized army. First is the Trébol Army. They're the Special Ability Team. Sugar! Violet! Giolla! Next is the Diamante Army. They're martial artists. Lao G! Machvise! Señor Pink! Dellinger! The last one is the Pica Army. They're the commando unit! Gladius! Buffalo and Baby 5!
Usopp: I've met Buffalo and Baby 5.
Leo: We've also confirmed two more who aren't in the country right now. Top commander Vergo. And the commander, Monet.
Usopp: Our enemy is Sugar, right? The Special Ability Team.
Leo: That's right.
Usopp: So we won't have to worry about the martial artists! Hang in there, Franky!
Leo: They're all strong.
Usopp: You're kidding me!
Announcer: Meadows is out! Rebecca keeps defeating the candidates most likely to win Block D! A storm of jeers is raining on her and Acillia, who is helping her out! Can anyone defeat Rebecca?! Oh, what's this?  Suleiman the Beheader is challenging her?! Will Rebecca's Backwater Sword-Dance triumph once again?
Acillia: Rebecca!
Announcer: He dodged her Backwater Sword-Dance!
Thunder Soldier: There!
Leo: We're sorry, Usoland!
Robin: Thank you.
Gancho: Don't mention it.
Leo: We're here.  This is the underworld, home to the trading port and the factory.
Usopp: This? It's surprisingly noisy.
Thunder Soldier: My men are are heading for the palace!   You handle the rest!
Leo: Understood!
Thunder Soldier: Just you wait, Doflamingo! I will take you down, even if it costs me my life!
Usopp: Are sounds from the surface leaking through?
Pirate: Hey, who dropped the cargo?! This toy got caught under it.
Toy: I-I'm so sorry! I'll work harder, so please let me see my family!
Pirate: Dumbass!  Anyone who can't measure up is headed straight to the scrapyard! Take him away!
Toy: W-Wait!  I can still work! Help!
Robin: Usopp.
Usopp: Robin, did you...
Robin: Look.
Pirate: What are you doing?! If you're gonna be so stingy, I'll cancel our deal! Bastard, you're exploiting me! If only you didn't have Joker backing you, I swear...
Usopp: What is all this? This is a full-blown harbor town!
Narrator: The toy soldier continues pressing forward to take down Doflamingo. Rebecca fights desperately at the Colosseum. Both struggle while thinking of the other. But Rebecca's fatigue begins to catch up to her, and her fight with the powerful Suleiman turns disastrous!
