Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with  Trafalgar Law and have invaded Dress Rosa. Luffy completed the first round of a  tournament to win the Mera Mera Fruit. Now he's heading toward the palace to rescue Law from Doflamingo.
Luffy: I did't thing he waz alive...
Zoro: Okay, seriously, who are we talking about?
Luffy: M-My brother! Ace was right! We're brothers forever!
Announcer: Suleiman begins his attack on Rebecca! He's seen through her Backwater Sword Dance, and Rebecca is struggling!
Audience: Go! Die, Rebecca! Suleiman, cut her head off!
Announcer: Once a hero of the Dias Navy Battle, he is now wanted as a war criminal. He is a fearful underworld killer! The way he carries himself is like a lifeless ghost.
Suleiman: I did everything for my country. I loved my homeland. What about you?
Audience: Damn murderous family! Get cut down, Rebecca!
Suleiman: It must be difficult to live surrounded by people who despise you.
Rebecca: I don't care how difficult it is. I don't care who hates me. I... I want to live with Soldier-san.
Acilia: Rebecca...
Announcer: She just won't die! Including the beautiful... No, the hateful Rebecca, about 30 people remain in Block D! Another person is out! I mean animal! It's killed dozens of people, and stained the ring with blood! The gladiator lion, Agyou, has just... fallen to Orlumbus' whip.
Audience: He's strong. Admiral!
Announcer: Will one of the favorites win?! Or will it be a dark horse?! This is the last battle before the finals! Who is going to take the head of... King Riku's granddaughter?!
Rebecca: Soldier-san, where are you right now? Please don't die. That's all I ask.
Audience: Die, Rebecca! Just lose already! Just die, Rebecca!
Suleiman: It will be interesting to hear these spiteful jeers... become a storm of elated cheers.
Rebecca: He's like no opponent I've faced before. His sword is fast and heavy.
Suleiman: I'll show the audience your beautiful face... as it dances in the air.
Announcer: Will Rebecca fall to Suleiman's sword?! Wh... What the... Acilia just jumped in to save her!
Rebecca: Acilia-san!
Suleiman: Get out of my way, woman.
Announcer: Is she trying to let her partner escape from Suleiman?! Now the boos are being directed at Acilia!
Rebecca: Acilia-san!
Acilia: You've... Gotta make it... ...to the finals. You got that?!
Suleiman: I'll be the one to take your head.
Announcer: Suleiman the Beheader is pushing Rebecca into a corner!
Luffy: I wonder if Traf is okay.
Kin'emon: Luffy-dono.
Luffy: Hmm, what's up?
Kin'emon: I don't see Zoro-dono. He was with us until a moment ago.
Luffy: There's no helping that guy. Even though this was a straight road.
Kin'emon: Should we go look for him?
Luffy: It'd take us all day to find him. Let's just go on ahead. He'll catch up sooner or later.
Kin'emon: I guess you're right.
Zoro: Where am I?
Wicca: Why did you make a turn when the others didn't?
Child: What's with that toy?
Wicca: Someone's coming.
Child: A samurai that looks like a cat. A Cat Samurai! Cat Samurai! He looks fun!
Zoro: Dammit, of all times to get caught up with some annoying brats.
Wicca: You're a toy right now. You can't cause trouble with the big humans.
Zoro: I know!
Child: Hey, he's got three swords. He's like the real thing. He's cool.
Zoro: Don't touch my swords.
Child: C-Cat Punch! The toy hit me on the head!
Citizen: What?! A toy hurt a human... Police! Call the police!
Police: Wait there, you! Stop or we'll shoot you.
Zoro: Come on!  I just patted him a little!
Wicca: I did warn you. But then you... You really are a blockhead.
Zoro: I don't need you telling me that!
Police: Wait!
Zoro: Luffy, Kin'emon!
Luffy: Oh, Zoro!
Kin'emon: Zoro-dono, I am glad you're okay.
Luffy: It's a gnome!
Wicca: I'll show you the way to the castle entrance.
Luffy: Who are you?
Kin'emon: Is she an acquaintance of yours, Zoro-dono?
Zoro: I wouldn't really call her an acquaintance.
Wicca: I'm Wicca, a member of King Riku's reconnaissance team. We have to hurry! The plan has already started.
Usopp: The soldier's gone? Isn't he the captain?
Leo: The captain's got the important task of killing Doflamingo the moment Operation SOP succeeds. He took a few Tontattans and headed to the palace.
Dwarf: Good luck, captain! Yeah!
Leo: We've got the hero Usoland with us. Usoland, please lead Operation SOP and help us knock Sugar out.
Usopp: Isn't that the most important job?!
Leo: We're here right now. All the bridges are movable. And that building in the distance... that looks like a sea anemone... That's the Commander's Tower. That's where Sugar is.
Usopp: The Commander's Tower... Can we even get over there safely? Oh crap!
Grunt: Hey, who's that slacking off over there.
Usopp: They've found us!  It's over!
Grunt: What ship are you lot from?! No, wait, I'm just passing by. Only the negotiators are allowed off the ships.
Leo: Inhel.
Inhel: Got it.
Grunt: The fairies are here! They stripped us of everything!
Leo & Inhel: Tonttata Combat! Tail Hammer!
Usopp: T-They're buried in the ground!
Cotton: Change into these, Usoland, Robiland.
Flapper: I must say, you're really quick-witted. Pretending that you were scared to distract the enemy... Brilliant!
Leo: That was your plan, right, Usoland? If you're gonna infiltrate the building, it's better to dress up as the enemy.
Usopp: I guess so. Speaking of, do you all have such strength?
Flapper: Yes, we all can do that much.
Leo: But Norland's clan can kill Sea Kings. We don't even compare.
Usopp: What kind of monster do these guys think I am? But I might be able to win without fighting. Okay everyone, I, Usoland will take command! Our opponent is a little girl! Let's gang up on her and scare her! Follow me!
Dwarves: Yes, sir!
Usopp: Oh... No... wait... Go on ahead!
Dwarves: Yeah!
Leo: Let's go to the Commander's Tower!
Dwarves: Yeah!
Grunt: Hurry and get on! There's an intruder in the Toys' House. The Straw Hat Pirates have appeared. They're fighting Señor Pink-sama at the east entrance. They're after the factory down here.
Thunder Soldier: Fraland...
Grunt: I heard you get a bonus for taking them down. Seriously?  How much?! The reward'll probably be massive. Really? It's a rumor. Really now, where'd you get that info from?
Thunder Soldier: At this rate, we'll just keep going back and forth between the Toys' House and underground. Let's take over the lift. You guys wait here. Surrender now. I'm taking over this lift.
Grunt: This guy's... The Thunder Soldier from the Colosseum. How did he get here? He dodged it.
Thunder Soldier: You're too slow!
Grunt: Damn you!
Thunder Soldier: You're too slow! You're too slow!
Rebecca: Soldier-san hit me. That's domestic violence.
Thunder Soldier: No it isn't! I don't want to hit you!
Rebecca: Then stop before you hit me!
Thunder Soldier: You won't grow without any danger! Concentrate, Rebecca! A human's instincts are far greater than you think! Bring them out! Believe in the strength of humans!
Rebecca: But you're a toy, Soldier-san!
Thunder Soldier: Stop complaining! Concentrate, Rebecca. Bring out your human instincts. Believe in the strength of humans.
Rebecca: I don't want to learn how to fight anymore. Why can't you always protect me? Didn't you say you'd protect me with your life? Until the day I'm truly happy, you'd always be by my side.
Thunder Soldier: I'm a toy. If I'm exposed to the rain or wind, I'll rust. I don't know when my body will reach its limit. Stand up, Rebecca! Become strong! My body isn't made to fight. Maybe toys are destined... to break before children become adults. Forgive me, Rebecca. Your awkward father was only able to teach you to fight.
Grunt: Was he always this strong?! What are you after?! What could a toy like you want?!
Thunder Soldier: I want a peaceful country... where my daughter can be happy! I'll have you give Dress Rosa back to the Riku Royal Family.
Grunt: The Riku Royal Family? What bullshit are you spouting!
Thunder Soldier: I'll gladly give my life for that cause.
Announcer: Wh... What's just happened?!
Sabo: That was quick.
Bartolomeo: What the?! I didn't see a thing.
Sabo: I'd heard the stories, but...
Announcer: Oh my, everyone's gone down! All the survivors of Block D have fallen down, and for some reason, none of them are standing up! Is this for real?! The assault on Block D happened in an instant. Oh?  No, wait! Someone's trying to stand up!
Narrator: What's happened in Block D's battle? What is this Slicing Wind of Rommel that defeated all those powerhouses in an instant? Along with the shocking truth that shakes the Colosseum, Rebecca's fate is decided.
