Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and have invaded Dress Rosa. Luffy joined a battle tournament where the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit, and has made it through the preliminary round. Now he's heading toward the palace to rescue Law from Doflamingo. At the same time, Usopp and the others have gone underground... and are enacting their plan to take down Doflamingo.
Leo & Inhel: Tail Hammer!
Usopp: But I might be able to win without fighting. Okay everyone, I, Usoland will take command! Our opponent is a little girl! Let's gang up on her and scare her! Follow me!
Dwarves: Yes, sir! Oh... No... wait... Go on ahead! Yeah!
Leo: Let's go to the Commander's Tower!
Thunder Soldier: Surrender now. I'm taking over this lift. You're too slow!
Rebecca: I don't want to learn how to fight anymore. Why can't you always protect me?
Thunder Soldier: I'm a toy. If I'm exposed to the rain or wind, I'll rust.
Grunt: What are you after?! What could a toy like you want?!
Thunder Soldier: I want a peaceful country... where my daughter can be happy! I'll have you give Dress Rosa back to the Riku Royal Family.
Announcer: Wh... What's just happened?! Oh my, everyone's gone down! The assault on Block D happened in an instant. Oh?  No, wait! Someone's trying to stand up!
Title: The Winner is Decided!? Block D's Shocking End
Announcer: What a shocking conclusion! There were roughly twenty competitors still fighting, but they've all been knocked out mysteriously! This has never happened in all of the Corrida Colosseum's history! But in the center of the ring, I can see the shadow of someone getting up! Is this the winner?! Is this the fighter who did this?! Wha- R-Rebecca?! Rebecca is back on her feet! All the renowned fighters in Block D, the people we expected to win... are still out cold! The fourth finalist in the Corrida Colosseum's battle tournament is... the descendant of Dress Rosa's shameful King Riku, the prisoner gladiator... Rebecca!
Audience: Get real! She must have cheated! What kind of trick did you pull, Rebecca?! Investigate her!
Prisoner: Well done, Rebecca! You did it, Rebecca! What happened? The entire arena was obscured by smoke and dust. Who cares how she did it? The point is, Rebecca's won!
Man: There's no way Admiral Orlumbus could lose to that little girl!
Bastille: It was the Slicing Wind of Rommel.
Marine: Slicing Wind?
Bastille: That's right.  You wouldn't know... about the mysterious tragedy that once befell the kingdom of Rommel. They say the wind started slashing up people once the night fell. The Navy was dispatched immediately, but... quite a few marines were felled by that wind, as well. In the end, the only thing they learned... was that the wind was actually a man calling himself Hakuba. We still haven't managed to capture him. Even after leaving the Rommel Kingdom, Hakuba has continued causing trouble in other places. Wherever Hakuba appears, a  certain pirate is always there.
Marine: What?
Suleiman: Do you think you can escape me, girl?! D-Don't disturb me!
Rebecca: There's something strange about him. He fell asleep?!
Marine: S-Sleepwalking?
Bastille: That's right. Hakuba is in fact an alternate personality that only appears when Cavendish is sleeping. Because of the crimes Hakuba has committed, Cavendish was driven out to sea and became a pirate.
Marine: He's rather unfortunate, then.
Bastille: He's not worth pitying! Cavendish enjoys his situation. Stop to pity him, and he'll just attack you while your guard's down. He was an expert swordsman already, but Hakuba is twice as strong. Still, the fact that he falls asleep whenever his other personality emerges... has made him ill-suited for this battle royale.
Audience: There's no way Rebecca could win! She must have used a pistol or something! Hurry! Check and disqualify her!
Announcer: About what? There's no need for that. Rebecca has already been subjected to very thorough checks. Her equipment is by far the poorest out of all the contestants. In the Corrida Colosseum, the winner is right. Twisting the truth to change the winner is not our job.
Bartolomeo: She won without cutting down a single opponent.
Sabo: It's a respectable fighting style. Besides, she was the only one who saw Hakuba's sword coming. You can't just chalk that up to dumb luck.
Bartolomeo: I didn't see anything! That's my grand senpai for ya!
Sabo: Regardless of her circumstances, I will not let her have the Mera Mera Fruit.
Burgess: They've really kept me waiting!  Now I finally get to fight!
Rebecca: I'm in the finals.
Franky: Strong Right! Again? You don't understand how cool cyborgs are?  How I pity you! Be in awe... of this elegant machinery!
Pink: Silence. You little girls have no right to laugh at a man's lifestyle. That's right. Neither my pacifier... nor my bib... are there for you girls to fawn over. This isn't just fashion... It's my lifestyle! It's not like I don't understand your lifestyle. After all, I am a man.
Franky: Huh?  What are you...?
Pink: Even so... We are enemies. One has nothing to do with the other.
Franky: You got that right.
Doflamingo: Did you see that? Your granddaughter sure is lucky. Still, I can't believe both you and your granddaughter competed, King Riku. For a former king to seek a Devil Fruit, you must really feel driven into a corner.
Riku: Rebecca...
Doflamingo: And I must say, your family sure is causing me no end of trouble today. Even Violet betrayed me. What an amazing coincidence, that this all happened today. Is there some sort of anniversary today?
Riku: It seems you don't realize... what your actions this morning meant to us.
CP-0: Regarding the worldwide announcement of Doflamingo  renouncing his throne and title as a Warlord... It was a mistake. The information was incorrect.
Riku: I learned that my faint glimmer of hope was nothing more than a trick. It drove me to the edge.  I simply had to fight back. That's all.
Doflamingo: I see.  So that's why you took action. But that doesn't explain Viola. Unlike you, she is cunning. She would never let her emotions get the better of her. She must have made a wager. The promising newcomer who dared to defy me... The Warlord, Trafalgar Law. And the man from that powerful bloodline, who caused such a stir two years ago... Monkey D. Luffy. That woman hopes their pirate alliance will be enough to bring me down. But Law is already out of commission, and when Straw Hat Luffy leaves the Colosseum, he will no longer be human. As for the other Straw Hats... I hear that Cyborg Franky is attacking the Toys' House on his own. It remains to be seen if he can beat my commanders. The other pieces in play would be... Pirate Hunter Zoro, Foxfire Kin'emon, Nico Robin and Sogeking. But they won't even make it to the underground.
Usopp: Reporting for duty!
Grunt: Oh, new recruits?
Usopp: Yes!
Grunt: Good for you.  This job's easy, all you have to do is order the toys around.
Usopp: Really?  Good to hear. I don't know left from right down here, so let's start from the right, please.
Wicca: The lift is up ahead. Listen up, all of you. The royal palace, where Doflamingo is, the Toys' House, and the trade port where the Smile factory is, are all connected.
Kin'emon: So if we go into the royal palace, we can also reach the Toys' House and the factory?
Wicca: Exactly! If you want to go to the factory, you'd normally have to go through either the palace or the Toys' House, but my allies should have gotten in via a secret passage they've been digging. We should head for the royal palace first.
Kin'emon: Very well, I understand. But I must say, even seeing one right in front of me, I can hardly believe that such small people could exist.
Luffy: Yeah, she's like a toy!  It's so cool!
Zoro: There are plenty more of them.
Luffy: Introduce me to them afterwards!
Wicca: This is already a great service to you! Normally, we're not supposed to show ourselves to any big humans outside the royal family. You Straw Hat Pirates, aka Usolanders, are the only exception!
Kin'emon: Usolanders?
Wicca: I'll explain later! Operation SOP is already in motion. Look, there it is! The lift that leads up to the royal palace entrance.
Luffy: We're going all the way up there?
Wicca: You'll have to show the guards a pass if you want to ride the lift...
Luffy: No problem.  I'll just beat 'em up.
Wicca: You can't! If you do that, you'll cause a commotion and attract more enemies!
Luffy: So what?
Wicca: You dunce! You people really worry me. I have to put up with a blockhead who gets lost all the time, and now this dunce who never thinks ahead, too!
Zoro: Who're you calling a blockhead?!
Luffy: There's somebody there.
Wicca: We've been busted already?!
Luffy: Who're you?
Violet: Straw Hat Luffy, I take it?
Luffy: Yup, that's me.
Zoro & Kin'emon: Don't answer!
Violet: I've been waiting for you. I'll take you inside the palace.
Wicca: What?!
Narrator: While Luffy's group breaks into the palace with Violet, Fujitora reveals his true goal, and the world's strongest military force, a Navy Admiral, finally squares off against a Warlord. A critical situation begins!
