Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and have invaded Dress Rosa. Luffy joined a battle tournament where the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit, and has made it through the preliminary round. Now he's heading toward the palace to rescue Law from Doflamingo. Meanwhile, in Block D, the final preliminary match...
Rebecca: There's something strange about him. He fell asleep?!
Marine: S-Sleepwalking?
Bastille: That's right. Hakuba is in fact an alternate personality that only appears when Cavendish is sleeping.
Rebecca: I'm in the finals.
Luffy: Who're you?
Violet: Straw Hat Luffy, I take it?
Luffy: Yup, that's me.
Zoro & Kin'emon: Don't answer!
Violet: I've been waiting for you. I'll take you inside the palace.
Title: The Admiral's Decision Fujitora VS Doflamingo
Announcer: Now all that's left is the final! However, I must make a saddening announcement. The four commanders who were meant to participate in the finals are unfortunately unable to do so.
Audience: What?! I wanted to see Señor's hard-boiledness! I wanted to see Lao G. What about Vise's "-in"s? I wanted to see Dellinger's high heels!
Announcer: But you needn't worry! Because our Colosseum's hero... Mr. Diamante... has been selected to fight in their stead!
Audience: Diamante! Diamante-sama!
Doctor: To the medical room! Hurry! Somebody bring some bandages!
Rebecca: Thank you, Acilia-san. Thanks to you, I... Lucy! I'm in the finals too! Lucy? You're not him.
Bartolomeo: Hey you! Show some respect, this man is...
Sabo: You're Rebecca, right? I know what you've been through.
Rebecca: What I've been through?
Sabo: Things might get chaotic out there, but I won't harm you. If you look past the outward appearance... this country somehow... reminds me of the one where the three of us grew up.
Zoro: It's nice that you'll take us into the castle, but...
Kin'emon: We heard that you need a pass to ride the lift.
Violet: I have that pass.
Kin'emon: Oh, then...
Violet: But you shouldn't go that way.
Kin'emon: What?  Why not?
Violet: True, this lift can take you to the palace gates, but if you're discovered, it's all over.
Luffy: Like I said, we should just beat everyone up and hijack it!
Zoro: Same thing!  If we get stopped along the way, we're done for!
Luffy: Oh.
Violet: And most importantly...
Kin'emon: Most importantly?
Violet: You're far too suspicious.
Kin'emon: That, I did not account for!
Zoro: Oh, now I remember! Aren't you the woman our cook went off with earlier?
Luffy: Sanji?
Violet: Black Leg.
Sanji: My precious Violet-chan!
Violet: He went off to save your ship, and then...
Zoro: We know the rest. Did you tell him that the Sunny was in danger?
Kin'emon: And could it be that you gave Sanji-dono the map to the Toys' House that he passed on to me?
Violet: Yes, that was me.
Kin'emon: Why would you do such a thing?
Violet: I was one of Doflamingo's subordinates.
Luffy: What?!  Mingo's?!
Wicca: She's pretending to work for Doflamingo!
Violet: Wicca!
Wicca: You remember me?
Violet: Did you forget about my powers? I've been watching you the whole time. I know that you've teamed up with the one-legged soldier who raised Rebecca after my sister died, and that you're about to start fighting back.
Thunder Soldier: Then we will destroy the facilities, take down the Doflamingo Family, and restore King Riku!
Violet: I saw it all! Thank you for believing in my father.
Wicca: Viola-sama!
Franky: Strong Right!
Machvise: Ton Ton!
Franky: What?
Grunt: Now!  Attack him together!
Franky: You're such a pain! Franky... Rocket... Shoulder... Launcher!
Grunt: Run! He's too dangerous! And that pistol on his head is just for show after all! Señor!  Run! Use your power to dive into the ground! This is no time to be brushing your teeth with a shoe brush! Señor!  This is no time to be brushing your gums! This is no time to be brushing your tongue! Señor! This is horrible! Señor Pink!
Women: Señor!
Grunt: Why didn't he use his power to escape?
Pink: Don't get the wrong idea, kids. My Sui Sui Fruit power, that allows me to swim freely through the ground and the walls... ...does not exist so that I can escape from my enemies. I... swim when I want to.
Grunts: He's so free! B-Brandy? He's covered in blood, and I'm sure his bones are broken, yet...
Women: He's disinfecting his wounds with brandy!
Grunt: You're lying! Señor, the reason you risked your life to take that attack face-on... was because you've got an immobilized ally lying behind you, right?!
Machvise: My stomach hurts -in.
Pink: That was so long ago.  I don't even remember.
Women: Hold me, Señor!
Pink: Vise, can you stand?
Machvise: I'm fine -in!
Franky: That guy is so hard-boiled.
Machvise: Ton Ton! My stomach hurts -in.
Franky: What?!
Machvise: I missed again -in. You sure are fast -in.
Franky: Shut it!  What's your super deal?!
Marine: Freeze! Cyborg Franky, from the Straw Hat Pirates! The Navy has got the Toys' House completely surrounded!
Franky: What's the Navy doing here?
Machvise: What?  Didn't you know -in?
Pink: Another noisy bunch.
Bastille: Fire!
Marines: Yes, Sir!
Franky: So you're only aiming for me? In that case, I'll take you on as well!
Doflamingo: The Navy has made their move. You made the right decision, Fujitora.
Fujitora: It's not like I'm on your side. If the Straw Hats, as well as several other suspicious individuals, are on the move... it is only natural for me to take action. My men should fight in order to keep civilian casualties to a minimum. If Straw Hat is truly after your head, he would probably cause major damage. In that case, stopping him is my justice. As for you... I'll deal with you later.
Doflamingo: What?
Fujitora: I may be a newcomer who was conscripted into the Navy, but there are things I want to do, now that I have the rank of Admiral.
Doflamingo: What things?
Fujitora: For starters... To completely eliminate the system of the Seven Warlords of the Sea. There once was an incident when a certain pirate attempted to take over a country. Had he succeeded, I'm sure that land would have become as shady as this one.
Doflamingo: The Navy. The Seven Warlords. The Four Emperors. What about the balance between the three great powers?
Fujitora: Who knows?  There's no way to tell without actually shattering it. So...
Doflamingo: So?
Fujitora: If you don't behave... your head will fly, Sir Celestial Yaksha.
Doflamingo: I feel like you're telling me to kill you while I have the chance.
Fujitora: Don't be hasty.  Let's try to play nice for now. I'm saying I'll protect your kingdom. Whatever filth may be exposed in this country in the near future... I won't be able to see it, so you needn't worry. This is the year the World Council Meeting Reverie will be held. For better or worse, the world will change.
Luffy: What?! You're the king's daughter?!
Zoro: Be quiet!
Kin'emon: Does that mean you are a princess of Dress Rosa?
Violet: That's in the past.
Luffy: So if Rebecca is the king's granddaughter... You're her mom?!
Violet: Rebecca is my niece. She's my sister Scarlett's daughter.
Kin'emon: Could this be...
Zoro: A hidden door?
Kin'emon: You were a ninja all along?!
Violet: This will get you to the gate without needing to use the lift. Follow me. This is an emergency passage known only to the Riku Royal Family. Not even Doflamingo knows about this place.
Kin'emon: what might this giant basket be?
Violet: A pulley to carry items.  Look.
Zoro: This place is really tall.
Kin'emon: There are stairs as well.
Violet: These stairs will take you to the Rampart Tower, where the palace gates are.
Zoro: Luffy.  You should take this stone and go to the top.
Kin'emon: Oh, that is an inspired idea. He can grab the chain at the top and come down with it, and we will get up quickly.
Violet: That's crazy.
Luffy: Alright!
Violet: What?
Luffy: I'm off!
Zoro: Hurry, Luffy!
Kin'emon: Get on board, ninja-woman.
Violet: W-What?!
Announcer: It's time for the Corrida Colosseum battle tournament's... final round!
Koala: I made it!
Announcer: The entire country's eyes will be on this match!  The special arena has been prepared! After the death of Fire Fist Ace, this fruit was reborn into the world... One of the Logias, considered the strongest Devil Fruits, the Mera Mera Fruit! Who will be the one to claim it?! Now we all wait for the five contestants to enter the arena!
Sabo: This is where the fun begins. Alright!  Let's go, Marincolosseo!
Bartolomeo: It's Bartolomeo!  Where'd you even get that name from?
Announcer: Now, the first one to enter is... It's him! The rising star of this tournament, our very own Lucy, has arrived!
Sabo: Watch me, Ace!
Narrator: The curtain finally rises on the final battle for the Mera Mera Fruit. Diamante the Hero stands in the way of Lucy, the successor of Ace's will. As the excitement at the Colosseum reaches its peak, the Donquixote Family's top commander reveals his true power!
