Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and have invaded Dress Rosa. Luffy joined a battle tournament where the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit, and has made it through the preliminary round. Now he's heading toward the palace to rescue Law from Doflamingo. Meanwhile, at the colosseum, the battle tournament finals are about to begin.
Sabo: I know what you've been through.
Rebecca: What I've been through?
Sabo: Things might get chaotic out there, but I won't harm you.
Franky: Launcher!
Marine: Cyborg Franky, of the Straw Hat Pirates! The Navy has got the Toys' House completely surrounded!
Franky: What's the Navy doing here?
Machvise: What?  Didn't you know -in?
Fujitora: I may be a newcomer who was conscripted into the Navy, but there are things I want to do, now that I have the rank of Admiral.
Doflamingo: What things?
Fujitora: For starters... To completely eliminate the system of the Seven Warlords of the Sea. Your head will fly, Sir Celestial Yaksha.
Doflamingo: I feel like you're telling me to kill you while I have the chance.
Luffy: Alright!
Violet: What?
Luffy: I'm off!
Zoro: Hurry, Luffy!
Kin'emon: Get on board, ninja-woman.
Violet: W-What?!
Announcer: It's him! The rising star of this tournament, our very own Lucy, has arrived!
Sabo: Watch me, Ace!
Announcer: This tournament is Lucy's debut appearance! But that lovable character of his has grabbed the hearts of the audience! And following him out is the man who has turned the audience against himself! Captain of the Barto Club Pirates, Bartolomeo the Cannibal! He's here! The Emperor Blackbeard's first fleet captain, Jesus Burgess!
Burgess: We're gonna take the Mera Mera Fruit. So try your best, Straw Hat.
Announcer: Oh, and the one receiving all the jeers from the audience is... the girl who has the blood of the hated Riku family! The Phantom Princess Rebecca! But, should we call her the devil incarnate?! How on earth did she survive the powerhouses in Block D?! It remains a mystery! Water, get me some water. I thought I was gonna die. And now, these four participants who survived their respective blocks... are about to begin yet another battle. The final battle which decides who will stand at the top  of Corrida Colosseum is about to begin.
Rebecca: Who is he? He definitely isn't Lucy.
Announcer: Now, the one who is fighting against these four is... The one who saved this country alongside our King, Donquixote Doflamingo, One of the family's top commanders, The promoter of Corrida Colosseum, and our hero! You've been waiting for him! Mr. Diamante!
Audience: Diamante!
Diamante: Bang.
Announcer: T-T-They've all assembled! The participants in the Colosseum's final match have finally assembled! The four block winners and Mr. Diamante. The prize that will be given to one of these winners is... One of the Logias, considered the strongest Devil Fruits, the Mera Mera Fruit!
Burgess: It's gonna be mine.
Participant: Stop the match! Pull Rebecca out of the ring! We're redoing Block D!
Announcer: It seems there's some trouble.
Participant: As if we'll accept that ridiculous result, Rebecca! There's no way we'd lose to a brat like you! We'll finish the match right now!
Audience: That's right, kill her!
Participant: Hey, get out of the way.
Diamante: What a bunch of sore losers. What happened, happened. Don't be messing up my performance!
Participant: What are you up to?!
Diamante: Now, aim carefully.
Participant: You think we're bulls?! Don't underestimate us!
Diamante: Lock. It may be flapping in the wind, but this cape is made of steel. Hirahira: Sound of flag flapping in the wind I'm a Flag man who ate the Hira Hira Fruit. Both my body and everything I touch, I can turn into a fluttering material. Lock. Corrida Glaive! It'd be best if you retreated now. We've let loose some Fighting Fish that are suitable for the finals. They're very sensitive to the smell of blood.
Participant: It's fly-
Diamante: Did you guys see that? That Fighting Fish's charge? They're heinous animals that will attack even the participants in the ring. They've got the most twisted personalities. They're on a completely different level to the Fighting Fish in the preliminary rounds. The bosses of each school of Flying Fish! And on the back of just one of them, this tournament's prize, the Mera Mera Fruit is tied to it. The rules of the finals are simple. The last one standing, who manages to steal the Fruit, wins!
Announcer: Now, the final battle, a battle royale of five people including our hero Diamante is about to begin! A scramble for the Devil Fruit! A death match with the Fighting Fish! Who will win the Mera Mera Fruit?! Now, for... the starting gong! At last the final battle has begun. Ready or not, this is it! Which one of them will obtain the Mera Mera Fruit prize?! No one's moved yet. Who's gonna be the first to make a move? Oh, Burgess has attacked! And Lucy has started running around the ring! Just what is he up to?!
Sabo: There you are. Wrong one.
Bartolomeo: I'm not interested in the fish without the prize. Don't come out anymore!
Burgess: Are you trying to draw out the fish with the fruit, Straw Hat?
Sabo: Not this one either.
Burgess: Well, aren't the finals fun.
Diamante: Of course. This is Corrida Colosseum. I'm running this show. As if I'd hold back on my tools for entertaining the crowd. So we're just your tools? Well, just have fun.
Kin'emon: It seems like no one is around.
Luffy: We're finally here.
Violet: Wait a minute. Could you close it?
Luffy: Is that the entrance to the palace?
Violet: That's just the palace's lower column. The entrance to the rampart tower.
Luffy: Lower column?
Violet: Yes, in order to get to the palace from here, we still have to go much higher. There's a secret entrance to the Rampart Tower as well. Let's go that way. Be careful not to get discovered by the guards. If we make a fuss and the commanders find out, we won't be able to move freely. Especially if we're found by Pica, we'll never reach Doflamingo.
Kin'emon: Hmm, where's Luffy-dono.
Wicca: There!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Guard: What the hell is that carp?!
Luffy: Gigant...
Guard: What's with this carp?! Is it a pufferfish?
Luffy: Pistol!
Zoro & Kin'emon: What the hell are you doing?!
Luffy: It's open.
Zoro: Don't give me that!
Violet: No way.
Wicca: You dunce!
Violet: No choice. Let's go, at this point, it's faster to go through the front gate.
Luffy: Can I take this off already?
Violet: Do whatever you want!
Kin'emon: Now, now...
Grunt: That's... This is a report from the entrance to the Rampart Tower. There's an intruder.  It's Straw Hat Luffy!
Announcer: The Fighting Fish attacks, but Lucy dodges it effortlessly! What great movement!
Doflamingo: What are they on about?
Baby 5: Is he really the intruder?
Grunt: It's true. He destroyed the gate.
Baby 5: But it can't be him. Straw Hat is fighting in the Colosseum under the name Lucy right now.
Grunt: This is Rampart Tower B-2, in front of the dining hall. There's no doubt about it, the intruders are Straw Hat Luffy, the Pirate Hunter, Zoro, and V-Violet-sama! T-There's also one more.
Announcer: Lucy's on fire!
Doflamingo: Straw Hat Luffy is the intruder?! Then who the hell is the guy in the colosseum right now?! Just what is going on?!
Luffy: Where are you, Mingo?!
Narrator: As Luffy's group continues their attack, the giant wall, Pica suddenly stands before them. The last of the Donquixote Family's top commanders attacks Luffy's group with his overwhelming strength that controls the Royal Palace itself.
