Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and have invaded Dress Rosa. Luffy joined a battle tournament where the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit, and has made it through the preliminary round. Now he's heading toward the palace to rescue Law from Doflamingo. Meanwhile, at the Colosseum, the battle tournament finals have begun.
Announcer: Now, the final battle, a battle royale of five people including our hero Diamante is about to begin! A scramble for the Devil Fruit! A death match with the Fighting Fish! Who will win the Mera Mera Fruit?!
Bastille: Men!  We will now resume our attack! We're giving up on capturing Cyborg Franky alive!
Pink: For now, I guess I'll just see what the Navy's gonna do.
Franky: I won't run or hide! Now... let's make some noise, Navy!
Leo: She loves grapes.  She's always eating them.
Usopp: What about it?
Leo: That's essential to our plan. Look at this! This is a lump of the world's spiciest seasoning, tatababasco! We've disguised it as a grape!
Usopp: And you're giving that to Sugar?
Leo: I'm going to sneak it into her basket. I'm going.  We will save our friends!
Usopp: I'm telling you to be quiet!
Leo: We will reclaim King Riku's country! With this fake grape made from tatababasco, we'll knock Sugar unconscious. You just wait, Sugar.
Usopp: I wonder what kind of people Doflamingo's commanders are. They've gotta be strong, right? What the hell!  He's just blasted a hole in the wall!
Sugar: What is it?
Robin: This is...
Trébol: There was a fly.
Gnome: He shot down a fly.
Usopp: You've gotta be kidding me. He shot down a fly that was behind him! And why did he blow a hole in the wall just from swatting a fly?! So does that mean that to him that was just a light swat?! Let's stop now, Leo! It's not too late. He's raring to go?!
Gnome: Leo, we're counting on you.
Leo: Alright, leave it to me. I'll make sure Operation SOP succeeds. You may be able to hit a fly, but not me. I'm too fast.
Usopp: He's so fast, I can't see him! He might be able to do this.
Leo: I'll have you return our captured comrades.
Gnomes: Go for it, Leo! I know you can do it!
Usopp: Please, make it.
Usopp&Gnomes: Go!
Robin: Wait, Leo!
Leo: Robiland?
Announcer: There's another bloodthirsty Fighting Fish jumping out! It's charging at Burgess! Has it caught him off guard?! He's not moving! Or is it that he can't move?! Is he just going to be eaten by the Fighting Fish?!
Burgess: Wave Motion... ...Elbow!
Announcer: W-What power! The Colosseum is shaking! It blasted a massive hole in the spectator's seats! Burgess' powerful Wave Motion Elbow! The upstart pirate, Blackbeard and the ten Fleet Captains that support him. This is one of them, Jesus Burgess.
Audience: That bastard! Don't involve the audience!
Rebecca: What a destructive power!
Announcer: Oh, another Fighting Fish has appeared. It's charging toward the right. This is... It's here, it's here, it's here! It's shown up! The one with the Devil Fruit on its back, Fighting Fish 01!
Sabo: There it is.
Announcer: Is it after Bartolomeo?! Or so we thought, before it changed directions! Just who is it after? Oh, what is this?! The other Fighting Fish have surfaced alongside it! Is this going to turn into a match between the participants in the ring and the Fighting Fish?!
Burgess: What a bunch of brainless fish!
Bartolomeo: Don't even bother.
Diamante: You must be out of your mind to challenge me.
Sabo: They all attacked at once. I've got no business with you.
Bartolomeo: See, there's no point in trying.
Announcer: Who is Fighting Fish 01 after?! Ah, it's going after Rebecca! Survival of the fittest! It's the law of nature to attack the weakest first! It was after her from the beginning!
Rebecca: I'll at least cut those chains.
Sabo: Alright, I've got ya!
Diamante: As if I'd let you!
Sabo: You want a fight?
Announcer: Alright!  Lucy and Diamante are facing off!
Diamante: Straw Hat!
Burgess: Now you're up against me! I'll be the one to take the Mera Mera Fruit! I'll take you both down at once.
Announcer: Burgess has taken his stance again!
Audience: Run! It's coming again!
Bartolomeo: Sly bastard, standing behind me!
Diamante: Not gonna dodge, huh, Lucy?
Burgess: Wave Motion...
Sabo: Dragon's Claw!
Audience: Lucy!
Announcer: Oh my, Burgess' armor has been shattered!
Bartolomeo: A-As expected of my Grand Senpai.
Sabo: I guess you won't just give me the Mera Mera Fruit.
Diamante: His fighting style is different. Is this guy really Straw Hat?
Rebecca: These people, they're really on a whole different level.
Thunder Soldier: You can't possibly win! You'll just be throwing your life away!
Acilia: So try to show some courage!
Rebecca: Unless I attack with the intent to kill,  then there's no way I can win. Soldier-san, I... I'll do it.
Kabu: I knew you could do it, Captain. Alright, now we control the lift.
Lao G: I guess you do have some fight in you.
Kabu: Oh no, that voice is...
Lao G: After taking control of the lift, what is it that you desire?
Thunder Soldier: To take down Doflamingo and restore the Riku Royal family.
Lao G: Such foolishness.
Kabu: Captain! Damn you!
Baxcon: Kabu-san!
Rampo: What just happened?
Lao G: Damn fools. What happened, you ask? Since you want to know so much, I shall tell you.
Kabu: Captain! Damn you!
Lao G: And that's how it went.
Baxcom: I didn't expect a commander be on standby in this lift.
Lao G: I was given an order to protect the Toys' House, so I got on the lift to go down and wait in ambush at the underground trading port. But I got on it a second time. In other words... G, for I Got on the wrong lift! I won't let you go to the palace, intruders.
Thunder Soldier: No, I'll have you let us pass.
Luffy: A-Are you guys okay?
Violet: Yes, somehow.
Zoro: Just hold on a sec. I'll open a path.
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no Storm! What a troublesome guy.
Zoro: I'll do it!
Luffy: What's this?!
Zoro: Don't get cocky! Three-Sword Style, 108 Pound Cannon!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no Gatling!
Zoro: It's no use hitting the walls.
Kin'emon: The stairs that were heading down, have suddenly bent upwards... as if leading to the heavens!
Wicca: Good.
Kin'emon: What are you talking about? We were headed to the Toys' House that is below. Now our path has literally been cut-
Wicca: It was better that we stopped here!
Kin'emon: What do you mean?
Wicca: In order to go to the Toys' House from here, the only path is to first go up to the palace, then take the lift to go down.
Kin'emon: So we have to go up in order to go down. So there was no need to split up from Luffy-dono!
Wicca: Of course not!
Kin'emon: Why didn't you tell me sooner?!
Wicca: I kept trying to tell you! In order to go down-
Kin'emon: Don't come out anymore. If you, my guide were to suddenly fall out, then I wouldn't know what to do.
Wicca: You were the one that ignored me! Every single one of you are a bunch of dunces that love to jump the gun!
Kin'emon: What did yo- Wait, this isn't the time to be arguing. I must return.
Wicca: Wait. There's a problem. Even if we made it to the lift, the security is strict. If it were just me then I may be able to sneak in. But a big human like you-
Kin'emon: So I just have to not let them know who I am. Doron!
Franky: Too easy.
Bastille: How can a single opponent be giving you so much trouble?!
Franky: So it's finally the big buffoon's turn?
Bastille: Prepare yourself.
Marine: As expected of Bastille-san!
Dellinger: Hey, why are the Navy here? Hey, don't tell me it's already over.
Franky: Super!
Marines: What?!
Franky: Like I'd go down that easily.
Bastille: You're persistent.
Franky: Now it's my turn. I'll return the favor with interest. Prepare yourself. Take this! Coup de Vent!
Pink: I guess we can't just leave it up to the Navy.
Dellinger: Of course, will you let me do it?
Pink: Don't get ahead of yourself!
Dellinger: Huh, what's with that tone?
Pink: Our opponent is a robot, and a pervert that'll give you a run for your money. Just be very careful.
Luffy: We made it past the rock man! He just doesn't give up.
Violet: We're trapped!
Zoro: Luffy, take her and go on ahead. Leave this guy to me. You go take down Doflamingo. I'll cut down this rock monster!
Narrator: The gnomes begin their attack under the command of the Hero Usoland, Will they be able to make the Hobby Hobby Fruit user Sugar fall unconscious? Will it end in delight or despair? The gnomes' fight heads toward the climax!
