Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World; Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. Luffy joined a battle tournament where the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit, and made it through the preliminary round. Now he's heading toward the palace to rescue Law from Doflamingo. Elsewhere, Usopp and Robin assisted the Tontattans with Operation SOP, but their attempt was foiled.
Title: The Last Light Our Captain's Secret!
Trébol: Beta Beta Chain! Sticky Stick... Meteor!
Pirate: T-Trébol-sama has gone mad! The Commander's Tower has been crushed!
Luffy: There are dead ends all over the place.
Violet: I told you, Pica has complete control over this stone castle. Straw Hat, will he really be okay?
Luffy: Huh?  Zoro? Yeah, you don't need to worry about him. Zoro'll be fine no matter what happens.
Announcer: Oh my! Rebecca, who has never initiated an attack, has begun attacking!
Diamante: What's with that sword? There's no edge. This is an arena for deathmatches. If you're not gonna cut someone, then get cut yourself. That'll get the audience riled up. Lock!
Announcer: A direct hit. The undefeated woman was completely helpless!
Audience: Diamante!
Sabo: Dammit! Hey Musclemelon.
Bartolomeo: It's Bartolomeo.
Sabo: Protect that girl.
Diamante: Rebecca, do you know how your mother, Scarlett died?
Scarlett: I'll go get us something to eat.
Diamante: The way that toy soldier was crying was truly pathetic.
Thunder Soldier: I'm sorry, I couldn't protect your mother.
Pirate: Our... ship... Trébol-sama, why would you do this?
Robin: Usopp, Usopp, get a hold of yourself. Thank goodness.
Usopp: Rob- What happened? A duck suddenly fell from the ceiling.
Robin: I'll explain everything later. We're in trouble. Leo and the others have been captured.
Sugar: You're disgusting. Die, right now.
Trébol: I won't die, you damn brat. I'm in the middle of an important conversation, so don't interfere. Just tell the truth.
Leo: I won't talk.
Trébol: There are others, as well, right? Right, right? What are their names?
Leo: I'll never talk.
Usopp: That's right, don't tell them. Let's get out of here while we can, Robin.
Trébol: See, the other guy is my friend. I think his name was...
Leo: Oh, you mean Usoland?
Usopp: Hey!
Trébol: You idiot, he's not my friend.
Leo: Dammit, you tricked me.
Sugar: Is the one-legged soldier one of your people too?
Leo: I-I won't talk.
Sugar: We already know.
Leo: If you already know then there's no point in hiding it. He's our comrade.
Sugar: I knew it.
Leo: Dammit.
Trébol: I'm starting to connect all the dots.
Leo: Even if you figure it all out, it's over for you. Today is the final battle! We'll make sure that this plan succeeds! And we will definitely... get our friends back!
Trébol: Let me tell you something cool. That sticky stuff is combustible.
Pirate: What's going on now! Trébol-sama!
Usopp: Hey. Are you guys okay? Leo, Leo!
Robin: Are you all okay?
Usopp: Get a hold of yourself. You're being too reckless. The operation has failed. Let's get out... I mean, you have to get out of here. You guys can't go any further. You don't stand a chance against Trébol.
Leo: We... can't do that. I must... hurry and complete... Operation SOP...
Usopp: Leo!
Leo: And then the captain will... beat Doflamingo for us. The captain is waiting for us! I have to hurry.
Gnome: Damn you, Lao G!
Lao G: Lao G's G, G, G!
Citizen: Doflamingo-sama is stepping down as a Warlord? I don't believe it. Is he going to abdicate, as well?
Prisoner: He's just a pirate now! Now he'll be hunted by the Navy! We're gonna be free! We'll finally be free.
Gnomes: Captain, did you see the newspaper?
Inhel: Now our comrades will come back, right?
Leo: We won't have to fight Doflamingo. What a relief!
Thunder Soldier: No, it was a false report. No one is coming back.
Leo: No way!
Citizen: I'm so glad it was a mistake! There's no way someone as great as him would just leave the throne. Doflamingo-sama!
Rebecca: I'm gonna enter today's tournament and get the Mera Mera Fruit. And then I'm gonna kill Doflamingo!
Thunder Soldier: Rebecca, keep calm. I understand your anger. I feel the same way... but don't do anything rash. We will be the ones to fight. Everything's prepared.
Rebecca: No, I won't wait. We've been plunged from heaven to hell. Everyone's at their limits. Their wills have been broken!
Prisoner: Can we merely await the day of our execution?
Rebecca: If you win a thousand matches you can be set free? That isn't even hope. It's a wall of despair. The legendary gladiator with three thousand wins, Kyros? Everyone knows that statue is a lie. Kyros is some ideal warrior the dying prisoners dreamt up. A statue full of wishes that they  can succeed and get out of here. Rather than putting my hopes in a stupid dream, I'll take a chance on today's tournament.
Thunder Soldier: As if there's a chance! You can't possibly win. You'll just be throwing your life away!  I refuse to let you enter! You're so hot-headed! You're only sixteen! Do you think yourself an adult, Rebecca?! You're still a child! Listen to what I say!
Rebecca: Quit talking like you're my father! You're the one getting heated up. What plan?! There's no way you can beat Doflamingo! You're just a one-legged toy!
Thunder Soldier: Indeed... You're right.
Rebecca: No, wait!
Thunder Soldier: I may have said too much. But please, don't enter.
Rebecca: I didn't mean it. Soldier-san, wait! Wait! Soldier-san! I was afraid that you'd die, and I got scared! I'm sorry! Wait, Soldier-san! Soldier-san!
Lao G: These tremors... It's Pica. Why is he thrashing about?
Gnome: We won't let you follow them.
Kabu: Are you okay, Captain?
Thunder Soldier: Thanks.
Kabu: We have to hurry.
Thunder Soldier: Wait, they'll die.
Lao G: Let go of me, you damn gnomes.
Kabu: Look ahead, captain. We were prepared for it from the start.
Thunder Soldier: Don't be stupid.
Kabu: If you don't make it then what's gonna happen? Even if Leo and the others complete Operation SOP, if we don't beat Doflamingo, nothing will change.
Rampo: You're the only one who can kill Doflamingo, Captain!
Usopp: Who's your captain, Leo? Why are you betting everything on him?
Gnomes: Captain... As long as the captain's okay...
Usopp: That's just a one-legged toy!
Leo: When new toys are turned, they are bound  by a contract that blocks their will to resist. Our captain was the first toy turned by the Hobby Hobby fruit user, Sugar, but she made the mistake of  not forcing a contract on him. Due to that single mistake ten years ago, he is the only toy able to defy the Donquixote Family. That's why the captain has been fighting on his own for ten years. If it weren't for him, the toys could only cry themselves to sleep. We Tontattans wouldn't have noticed a thing. We'd have all been turned into their slaves. If we ignore his screams, then there's no saving this country! He is worth betting everything on! No one remembers him now... but long ago, everyone knew his name. Back when he was a big human, his name was... Kyros! The strongest gladiator in the Colosseum's history! He is our captain!
Narrator: As the Toy Soldier runs toward Doflamingo, a powerful enemy, Gladius, stands in his way. Before his overwhelming destructive power, the Toy Soldier's life is about to be snuffed out. But Luffy runs in like a whirlwind.
