Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. Luffy joined a battle tournament where the prize was the Mera Mera Fruit, and made it through the preliminary round. Now he's heading toward the palace to rescue Law from Doflamingo.
Usopp: Leo, Leo! Get a hold of yourself. You're being too reckless.
Leo: I must... hurry and complete... Operation SOP... And then the captain will... beat Doflamingo for us.
Diamante: Rebecca, do you know how your mother, Scarlett, died? The way that toy soldier was crying was truly pathetic.
Gnome: We won't let you follow them.
Kabu: Are you okay, Captain?
Thunder Soldier: Th-Thanks.
Kabu: We have to hurry.
Thunder Soldier: Wait, they'll die.
Lao G: Let go of me, you damn gnomes.
Kabu: Look ahead, Captain. We were prepared for it from the start.
Thunder Soldier: Don't be stupid.
Kabu: If you don't make it, then what's gonna happen? Even if Leo and the others complete Operation SOP, if we don't beat Doflamingo, nothing will change.
Rampo: You're the only one who can kill Doflamingo, Captain!
Leo: He is worth betting everything on! No one remembers him now... but long ago, everyone knew his name. Back when he was a big human, his name was... Kyros! The strongest gladiator in the Colosseum's history! He is our captain!
Title: The Rupture Man Gladius' Massive Explosion!
Zoro: He's still undamaged. This guy just won't quit! How do I even attack him?
Grunt: Smash him!
Thunder Soldier: Get out of my way! Ranpo! Are you alright, Ranpo?
Ranpo: Captain!
Thunder Soldier: Are you alright?
Ranpo: Don't worry about me. I'll be fine.
Kabu: As soon as Operation SOP succeeds, you'll be the mightiest gladiator again. Our mission is to do whatever it takes to get you to Doflamingo by then.
Thunder Soldier: You two...
Ranpo: That can't be...
Kabu: Captain!  It's another commander!
Ranpo: That's Gladius from the Pica Army!
Kabu: You don't stand a chance as you are now. Ranpo and I will distract him. Keep moving while he's occupied!
Thunder Soldier: Stop!  Do you plan to sacrifice yourselves?
Kabu: Ranpo!
Ranpo: Let's attack from both sides, Kabu-san!
Thunder Soldier: Wait!
Gladius: Why do I have to fight these mice?
Kabu: Take this!
Gladius: Stop scurrying around!
Thunder Soldier: Kabu! Ranpo!
Kabu: Captain!
Ranpo: Now's your chance!
Gladius: I know toys aren't that fast. I'm a rupture man who ate the Pamu Pamu Fruit. I can make my own body explode... as well as... any minerals I touch. I can easily blow a tin toy like you to smithereens!
Thunder Soldier: Let go of me! I have to... fulfill my mission! Rebecca!
Gladius: Rupture and die!
Luffy: Jet Stamp!
Gladius: Who's there?!
Luffy: Soldier, where are Franky and the others?
Thunder Soldier: You're...
Luffy: What, they're not with you?
Violet: Straw Hat, we don't have time to chat!
Gladius: Straw Hat Luffy? Violet?!
Violet: Gladius?!
Gladius: How dare you... How dare you betray the young master!
Luffy: Bring it on!
Violet: No, run!
Luffy: What?
Violet: There's no time.  Besides, he's exceedingly dangerous. We have to hurry to the Suit Chamber on the second floor!
Thunder Soldier: Viola-sama, why are you here?
Violet: You know me?
Thunder Soldier: Yes, though you don't remember me.
Violet: I've been watching you with my Clairvoyance the whole time. Both you and Rebecca. It must have been hard for you.  Thank you.
Gladius: Violet! You, traitorous woman... must die!
Violet: I haven't betrayed anyone! These past ten years, I've never once been on your side!
Gladius: Still, you've disgraced the young master! Punc: Burst Met Punc!
Thunder Soldier: Viola-sama!
Luffy: Oh no! Hey, you're gonna be okay, aren't you? Sorry, I should have protected you.
Violet: The debris only grazed me. Hurry to the second floor!
Luffy: I just have to keep going, right?
Violet: Wait! The stairs aren't this way!
Thunder Soldier: What?!
Violet: Where are you going?!
Luffy: Up there, right?
Gladius: Where did they go? Young master?  What are you doing here?
Kin'emon: "Young master"? Who is this young master you speak of? I am Donqui-
Wicca: They call Doflamingo "young master"!
Kin'emon: I am the young master.
Gladius: There are intruders in the palace. Please wait upstairs until we dispose of them.
Kin'emon: No, that I cannot do. You take care of things here. I must go check on Kanjuurou below.
Gladius: Kanjuurou? The samurai who vanished from the scrap yard?
Kin'emon: Indeed.  Kanjuurou, the samurai who vanished from the scrap yard... What? He vanished?!
Thunder Soldier: A-Amazing!  We're right in front of our goal!
Violet: Hey, wait.
Luffy: Why are we hiding? Mingo's right there!
Violet: Be quiet. You'll ruin their entire operation.
Luffy: Operation?
Violet: The Tontattans' Operation SOP. We'll take action once it's been completed. For now, just stay quiet.
Doflamingo: I thought you were only after the Smile factory. So why are Straw Hat and the gnomes from Green Bit working together? That's not an alliance you could have just formed on a whim one day.
Law: Gnomes?
Doflamingo: How did they get underground? Why are they after Sugar? What is the meaning of their actions? All these inconveniences are piling up on top of each other. Unless this is a coincidence, then they... must know the dark roots of this kingdom.
Baby 5: Answer!  The young master asked you a question, Law!
Buffalo: Don't hit him if it makes you cry -dasuyan. You never change.
Baby 5: But...
Law: Didn't I tell you? They have nothing to do with me anymore. Our alliance is broken. I don't even understand most of what you're talking about.
Doflamingo: Are you trying to trick me? Or do you really not know? If only Violet were with me for this interrogation.  She could get the truth out of you immediately. Or... This can't be your doing, can it, King Riku? The Tontattans used to serve you, too.
Violet: Father, what are you doing in the palace?
Luffy: Traf is still alive.
Thunder Soldier: King Riku!  It's so good to see you safe after all these years!
Riku: Your name is Kyros?  Come with me.
Thunder Soldier: I swear I'll save you!
Luffy: C'mon, let's just kick Mingo's ass!
Violet: I keep telling you, not yet!
Thunder Soldier: Aren't Leo and the others done yet? Once I and the other toys in Dress Rosa return to human form... that will be my only chance to kill Doflamingo! I will kill him! I can't let Kabu and Ranpo's sacrifice be in vain! I'm counting on you, Leo and Usoland!
Usopp: Leo, you're...
Leo: It's fine.  I'm not that badly injured. They're all hanging on, so that we can carry out Operation SOP!
Usopp: H-Hey! You're still gonna keep trying?
Leo: Of course! If we don't knock out Sugar, then the captain and the others turned into toys... won't turn back to normal. Making Sugar eat the tatababasco... is our duty!
Usopp: They're...
Sugar: You're still gonna try?  Just give it up.
Leo: This isn't just for our captured brethren. We have to save all of Dress Rosa and restore King Riku. And to do that, we first have to carry out Operation SOP! Go!
Trébol: You're wasting your time!
Sugar: On your feet, little bears!
Gnome: No more! I don't want to fight my friends! Somebody, help me!
Sugar: Now, kill them!
Usopp: What are you doing? Haven't you done enough?! These guys... are completely out of their minds!
Robin: You're right. But... I like that about them.
Usopp: Robin?
Trébol: You're barely even conscious any more.
Robin: Doce Fleur!
Trébol: What's going on?!
Sugar: What's this?!  Gross!
Robin: Leo!
Leo: Robiland!
Robin: Hurry up! Force the tatababasco into her mouth!
Leo: Thank you.
Usopp: Alright!
Trébol: That's as far as you go!
Gnome: Leo!
Usopp: W-What was that?  I feel like we just missed a huge chance...
Trébol: Quit wasting everyone's time!
Narrator: The gnomes' final hope, as Trébol tramples them, is the legendary hero, Usoland!
