Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: In order to defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. Luffy joined a battle tournament to win the Mera Mera Fruit... and made it through the preliminary round. Now he's heading toward the palace to rescue Law from Doflamingo.
Usopp: Sure-Kill Green Star: Platanus... Shuriken!
Leo: Usoland!
Gnomes: Usoland! Usoland!
Usopp: I... I did it... The enemy is just one girl. I didn't want to have to hurt a kid, but it's clearly unavoidable. Somehow, I have to get Sugar to eat that tatababasco!
Sugar: Trébol, how could you lose to a guy like that? Die, you idiot.
Trébol: As if I'd die, you little brat!
Usopp: What is with this guy?!
Trébol: Hey, hey!  If you'd just kept running, you might have survived. I can't believe you'd just throw your life away!
Grunt: It's reported you were on the first floor, young master.
Doflamingo: What's that supposed to mean?
Buffalo: Maybe someone who looks just like you showed up?
Doflamingo: You think there's someone else  in this palace who looks like me?
Thunder Soldier: King Riku... This is a fine sword. If I become human again, I'll use this.
Violet: My father fought in the Colosseum today.
Luffy: What?  Really?
Violet: When he learned that the news of  Doflamingo's abdication was incorrect, he couldn't take it anymore, just like the rest of us.
Thunder Soldier: King Riku was at the Colosseum?!
Guard: There's been a killing, and the culprit is a young boy! Two people were killed in a scuffle in the slums! Surrender! He's too tough! We have to use our guns. You can't be serious!  He's just one child! But... Your Majesty! What are you doing, Your Majesty? It's too dangerous! He may be a child, but his bad reputation has spread throughout the country!
Kyros: I don't care if you're King Riku or whatever. Get close to me and you die!
Guard: His Majesty is in danger!  Shoot the boy!
Riku: No, don't shoot! Lower your weapons!
Guard: B-But, Sir...
Riku: I understand you fought alone against dozens of opponents. Over half of them were injured, and two of them...
Kyros: They killed my best friend. I was just paying them back!
Riku: Are you a beast?
Kyros: Call me whatever you like! You royals don't understand anything! He was the only one in this world I could trust! He was like a brother to me.
Riku: Your name is Kyros, right?
Guard: Please step back, King Riku! Your Majesty!
Riku: Come with me.
Announcer: A fifteen-year-old killer, Kyros! His opponent is a veteran gladiator!
Crowd: This is a sacred Colosseum! It's no place for a murderer like you! Teach that kid a lesson!
Announcer: Begin!
Gladiator: How long are you going to keep staring at your sword, kid? It might be blunt, but I can still break your bones with it!
Announcer: U-Unbelievable!  The winner is Kyros! The fifteen-year-old killer Kyros has won the fight!
Kyros: It's not over yet!
Guard: That's enough!  Stop! What talent!  If that blade had been sharp, his opponent would've died instantly!
Riku: Outside they call it "brutality", but in here it's "talent", huh? How is Kyros doing?
Guard: He effortlessly beat his cell mates half to death. He's gone six days without eating,  continuously shouting for us to call you.
Kyros: Damn it!
Riku: What's wrong, Kyros?
Kyros: What do you want with me, King Riku?! If you want me dead, then just kill me! Hang me, shoot me to death, I don't care!
Riku: Are you that eager to die? Or are you just regretful?
Kyros: Regretful?!  I thought you, at least, would understand me! Kill me!  Just kill me!
Riku: The contest you participated in earlier... wasn't just a show or a fight to the death. It was a sacred training-method for one's mind and body, that has been practiced in this country for centuries. Would you like to become a gladiator?
Kyros: A gladiator?  Me?
Guard: King Riku is saying that if you can win a hundred battles, he will grant you a parole. It doesn't matter how many years it takes.
Crowd: Get that killer! Defeat Kyros!
Announcer: Kyros has won twenty battles in a row! His power is overwhelming! Kyros has won fifty battles in a row! At last, Kyros stands at a hundred battles and a hundred victories! He's put even our biggest stars to shame! Kyros has won his freedom faster than anyone would believe!
Crowd: How can he be so strong? Don't go back out, murderer! What are you... If a man like that gets put back on the streets, who knows how long it'll be before he starts killing people again! She's right. Yeah. That's right!  Stay off the streets, murderer! Don't let him go free! Just keep fighting in here!
Riku: You won't leave?
Kyros: I won't go where I'm not wanted.
Riku: When did you start caring about being wanted?
Kyros: Shut it! Beasts... can only be appreciated... inside their cages! Even if... I leave my cage... there's... no home for me outside!
Announcer: Two hundred victories!
Crowd: Somebody, defeat Kyros! Take him down!
Announcer: Three hundred victories! None can stop Kyros! The heroes keep falling before him! At last... At last... he is the first man to ever... win a thousand battles straight!
Crowd: Kyros-sama! You go, Kyros!
Thunder Soldier: At some point, the jeers aimed at me... turned into cheers. However...
Riku: Kyros, you've come here again?
Kyros: Stay back! How could you understand? No matter what I do, I'll always be a murderer and a beast! Is there... no way... they could forget me?
Announcer: Kyros is fighting the mysterious gladiator, Ricky, who appeared out of nowhere!
Crowd: Get him, Kyros!
Announcer: Everyone expected Kyros to easily make this last win he needs for three thousand successive victories, but Ricky stands his ground! What's this?!  Ricky landed a hit on Kyros! Kyros, who has never before been hit by an enemy! Kyros wins! After nine years, he has finally won three thousand consecutive fights!  He is undefeated! Kyros, the living legend, is the very definition of the word "invincible"!
Crowd: Alright, Kyros!
Kyros: Why did you fight without telling me... King Riku?
Riku: I wanted to teach you a lesson.  I was quite strong, wasn't I? That said, you held back knowing it was me. You're a failure as a beast. Isn't this enough? You've kept your own life locked away in this cage for nine years. Come out.  There's a job I want to entrust to you. Kyros, rather than regretting your past, you can move on and protect lives. Isn't that a better way of life?
Kyros: Yes!
Crowd: Kyros, we're counting on you! Kyros, thank you for all you do! Kyros-sama!
Scarlett: You're quite popular, huh, Kyros-sama? But you're still a murderer. I can't fathom why my father would let you into the palace!
Guard: P-Princess!
Violet: Sister, don't bring up his old scars!
Scarlett: And then he makes you the captain of the army, with the job of upholding the law... He must be crazy!
Violet: Sister...
Scarlett: You may have the rest of the country fooled, but not me! Someday, I'll expose you for what you really are! Stay away from us!  Do you understand?
Violet: But Sister, he's actually really...
Scarlett: Hey, don't look! His mind is obviously filthy!
Kyros: But... I'm supposed to protect you...
Scarlett: No, thank you.
Guard: Scarlett-sama has been kidnapped! It's pirates! What happened to her escorts? They've all been killed! What?! This is awful!
Pirate: Don't struggle!
Scarlett: Let me go!
Pirate: Nobody's coming to save you. How about we squeeze a ransom out of King Riku, and then sell her off anyway? Great idea! She's a genuine princess.  She'll fetch a fortune!
Kyros: Scarlett-sama!
Scarlett: Kyros!
Pirate: Who the hell are you?!
Kyros: Stay close to me. You filth! Are you alright, Scarlett-sama? I-I'm so, so sorry! I didn't mean to touch you!
Scarlett: Kyros!  I was so scared!
Kyros: I'm sorry!  I'm so sorry!
Violet: She's cooking?
Riku: What brought this about?
Kyros: Oh, I couldn't...
Riku: What?!  You resign as my daughters' bodyguard? Why would you say that?!
Kyros: Well, you see...
Riku: You couldn't be in love with Scarlett, could you?
Kyros: What?! N-No, of course not.  Never!
Riku: Kyros!
Kyros: Yes?
Riku: The mightiest hero in the history of the Colosseum,  the captain of the Riku Royal Army, and the princess... Some of the citizens might give you their blessings, but this goes against the country's ethics. That's just what the general masses are like.
Scarlett: Father!  If I can't marry him, then... I will die!
Crowd: Scarlett-sama! She died of a sudden illness.  I'm sure she would have made a wonderful queen someday.
Riku: Scarlett. Starting today, you are no longer a princess. Society believes you are dead.
Scarlett: Yes.
Kyros: I feel like I'm disrespecting all you've done for me, Your Majesty.
Riku: Indeed, this is unforgivable... Or it would be, for anyone but you. Kyros, this is completely unheard of.
Kyros: Thank you so much!
Scarlett: Her name will be Rebecca. Kyros, hold her. She's your daughter.
Kyros: I can't touch something so pure! My hands are filthy!  I don't want to corrupt her!
Scarlett: What a funny father you have, Rebecca.
Kyros: Rebecca, you're like an angel. I'll be with you.  I'll always watch over you!
Riku: I'm your grandpa!
Rebecca: Grandpa!
Riku: Rebecca, how you've grown!
Scarlett: Father, will you take that mask off?
Riku: Kyros.
Kyros: Gloves!  I need my gloves! You're such a cutie...
Scarlett: You're crying again.
Kyros: I could never have imagined such happiness before. But it didn't last for long. It happened ten years ago... What's happening? Your Majesty!
Narrator: As Usopp fights with all he has against Trébol, can he make a miracle happen?!
