Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa, but Law was captured by Doflamingo. Luffy has broken into the royal palace to free Law.
Trébol: Sugar!  What are you doing?! Get a grip!
Narrator: Now Usopp has made Sugar faint and freed the toys that were slaves.
Luffy: Mingo died!
Sabo: Yuck! Hot!  The flames really did appear! Ace! I'm using your technique!
Rebecca: You're...
Sabo: Fire Fist!
Rebecca: The arena's disappearing. Y-You're...
Koala: I was able to contact Hack. We should meet up with him.
Sabo: Alright.
Pirates: God Usopp!  God Usopp!  God Usopp!
Gnomes: Usoland!  Usoland!  Usoland!
Pirates: Please guide us, God Usopp! What must we do?!
Usopp: Alright...  Then destroy that factory behind me... and rescue my tiny friends.
Koala: Be careful. Devil Fruit users are weakened in water.
Sabo: Oh yeah.
Pirate: God Usopp has spoken! Destroy the factory!
Trébol: They're gonna destroy the factory?! Like hell I'll let them do that!
Hairudin: God Usopp, just leave the rest to us.
Usopp: Just hurry up and let me go.
Koala: This way...
Sabo: Sorry.
Robin: They're...
Burgess: Dammit! That guy wasn't Straw Hat! And he ate the Mera Mera Fruit that I wanted!
Diamante: God dammit, now how am I supposed to explain all this to Doffy? Who are those guys?
Pirates: Look!  It's one of Doflamingo's comrades! I'll make you pay for turning us into toys. Let's take him out along with the factory!
Diamante: Oh, they used to be toys working underground.
Hack: Down here!  I'm over here!
Koala: Hack! How strange, it feels like it's been so long since we've seen each other. What happened to your hand?
Hack: This...  I just fell over.
Koala: You fell?  Seriously?
Hack: Why would I lie?
Rebecca: I can't believe this place was right under our feet all along.
Koala: Oh yeah, here are your clothes.
Sabo: Thanks. That scared me... It just caught fire. This is hard to control.
Rebecca: Um...
Bartolomeo: Wait up, leaving me behind like that was mean, grand senpai! Sure, I am a man, and I can put up barriers...
Hack: He's...
Rebecca: Who are you?
Sabo: Me? My name is Sabo.
Caption Left: Revolutionary Army Koala
Caption Middle: Revolutionary Army Chief of Staff Sabo
Caption Right: Revolutionary Army Hack
Sabo: We're warriors from the revolutionary army.
Rebecca: The revolutionary army? Then the first Lucy...
Sabo: The first Lucy was the man who will one day become the Pirate King, with a bounty of 400 million, Straw Hat Luffy.
Rebecca: A pirate?!
Sabo: Yeah, he's my little brother. Take care of him.
Bartolomeo: Yeah, that's right!
Sabo: Luffy is a nice guy, isn't he?
Luffy: Are you guys gonna be pirates?! So am I!
Sabo: He hasn't changed a bit since back then.
Ace: Well, we can decide our future later. We might end up sailing on separate ships...
Luffy: Oh, you stole that from Dadan?
Ace: Have you heard? When you exchange sake cups, you become brothers.
Luffy: Brothers?  Really?!
Ace: When we become pirates, we might not  be crewmates on the same ship... but our bonds will keep us connected as brothers! No matter where we are or what we do,  our bond will not be broken! With this, starting today, we're... brothers!
Ace/Sabo/Luffy: Yeah!
Sabo: He hasn't gotten any less reckless, either He's exactly the same.
Koala: You're pretty reckless yourself, Sabo-kun.
Sabo: Really? Well I actually consider my options before I do something reckless.
Koala: Meaning?
Sabo: Luffy, he's just reckless by nature.
Koala: And what's the difference?
Rebecca: Why is the revolutionary army in this country? That's...
Sabo: The weapons shipped from this port are prolonging wars all around the world. We... came to stop it.
Koala: The revolutionary army has sent soldiers  to this country several times, but since they were all turned into toys,  we could never unveil this black market.
Grunt: Hey, that guy's dangerous. Yeah, that's Sabo isn't it?! What's the revolutionary army's number two doing here? We've gotta tell the young master.
Sabo: But it looks like the weapons are being made somewhere else. Where are these weapons being made? If we could find out, it'd make a great gift to Dragon-san.
Dellinger: This is just getting worse and worse.
Marine: Isshou-san, what should we do?
Grunt: Damn you!
Zoro: What's with the noise? I guess something's going on down there. Whatever, where the hell did that rock guy go?
Pirate: It's Doflamingo!
Kin'emon: Excuse me, let me through.
Pirate: You bastard!
Kin'emon: What is going on?!
Pirate: How dare you turn us into toys! We're gonna make you pay for that right now! Prepare yourself, Doflamingo! Doflamingo's gone! How could he just disappear like that?! Dammit, where'd you go, Doflamingo?! He couldn't have gone far, find him!
Kin'emon: That was a close call. This is Doflamingo's hideout. Why am I being targeted?
Wicca: This can only mean that the toys have reverted back to their old selves! Operation SOP was a success!
Kin'emon: My, so your plan succeeded, that is worth celebrating!
Wicca: Yay, yay!  We did it!  We did it! We really did it! You gotta turn back to your normal self,  or you'll be targeted again.
Kin'emon: Ah, you are correct. Doron! Kanjuurou, I'm coming to save you now.
Robin: Koala!
Koala: Robin-san!
Robin: I knew it was you. Are you doing well?
Koala: Yeah.
Robin: Sabo and Hack, you haven't changed.
Sabo: Hey.
Bartolomeo: R-R-R-R-R-Robin-senpai!
Robin: Did you meet up with Luffy?
Sabo: Yeah. It's that guy.
Robin: He's our crewmate, Usopp.
Sabo: Just let him lie down.
Bartolomeo: Usopp, a crewmate? Oh, no no no. That name wasn't on any of the crew's wanted posters. C-C-C-Could it be...
Sabo: What's wrong with you?
Buffalo: Damn you, how dare you kill the young master?! I'm gonna blow you away!
Baby 5: Buffalo! Damn you! Dammit!
Luffy: Traf! I came to save you!
Baby 5: Straw Hat?!
Luffy: I'm glad you're alive!
Law: You shouldn't have any business up here, Straw Hat! What happened to the factory? Did you destroy it?
Violet: This is the key to his handcuffs.
Luffy: You've prepared for everything.
Gladius: Wait right there, Straw Hat!  Violet! I won't let you lay a finger on the young ma- Young master... What is...
Kyros: King Riku, sorry to have kept you waiting.
Luffy: Just wait a sec, I'll get you out right away.
Law: Sorry you've come all this way,  but our alliance is over. Get out of here.
Luffy: Well you're pretty selfish.  I'm the one who decides those things, so shut up!
Law: Who's the selfish one?!
Violet: Hurry up and unlock the cuffs.
Luffy: Oh yeah.
Law: Our alliance is over. That means we're enemies again. If you let me go, I'll kill you.
Luffy: Don't move! I can't touch Sea Stone,  so unlocking this is tricky.
Violet: Stay steady.
Law: Are you guys even listening to me?!
Luffy: I can't do it. You do it instead.
Violet: I can't!  I'm a Devil Fruit User, as well.
Luffy: It's the stone guy.
Violet: It's Pica!
Doflamingo: You've screwed me over far beyond my imagination.
Luffy: Mingo's alive!
Baby 5: Young master!
Gladius: Young master!
Riku: What kind of body does he have?!
Doflamingo: Thanks to the release of the toys, the country is in a state of chaos. And I don't know why, but the revolutionary army also seems to have invaded. The royal palace is a mess, as you can see. This is a bad situation. I'll have to use the bird cage.
Law: The bird cage?!
Doflamingo: Right, Law?
Narrator: Luffy clashes with the revived Doflamingo. During their burning battle, in an attempt to hide the country's secrets and plunge the country into a state of fear, Doflamingo sets in motion his dastardly plan to kill everyone!
