Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa, but then Law was captured by Doflamingo. Luffy has broken into the royal palace to free Law. Elsewhere, the toys have reverted to their original selves and are rebelling against Doflamingo.
Diamante: Who are those guys?
Pirates: Look!  It's one of Doflamingo's comrades! I'll make you pay for turning us into toys. Let's take him out along with the factory!
Narrator: The battle tournament reached an unexpected conclusion... and the mysterious man who had taken up the mantle of Lucy finally revealed his true identity!
Rebecca: Who are you?
Sabo: Me? My name is Sabo. We're warriors from the revolutionary army.
Rebecca: Then the first Lucy...
Sabo: The first Lucy was the man who will one day become the Pirate King, with a bounty of 400 million, Straw Hat Luffy.
Rebecca: A pirate?!
Sabo: Yeah, he's my little brother. Take care of him.
Narrator: And Luffy had finally confronted Doflamingo, but then...
Luffy: Traf! I came to save you! I'm glad you're alive! It's the stone guy.
Violet: It's Pica!
Doflamingo: You've screwed me over far beyond my imagination.
Luffy: Mingo's alive!
Doflamingo: This is a bad situation. I'll have to use the bird cage.
Law: The bird cage?!
Doflamingo: Right, Law?
Title: The Devil's Trap The Dress Rosa Extermination Plan
Pirates: Where is Doflamingo?! Take everything from him! Blow up the factory!
Grunt: What are we gonna do?   The guys who were toys... are attacking the factory! Don't worry. Nobody can get in here without the keys. This factory is as important as life itself to the young master. And it's made of Sea Stone.  Even the ceiling caving in wouldn't damage it. And last, but not least... We've got two top commanders protecting us!
Trébol: Hey, you're wasting your time!
Diamante: Lock!
Trébol: Beta Beta Chain!
Diamante: Don't get cocky, you vermin!
Trébol: Sticky Stick!
Grunt: Nobody can defeat those two! This factory's protection is impenetrable!
Doflamingo: I must deal with this right away.
Kyros: You freak! How can you still be alive, Doflamingo?!
Doflamingo: Want me to teach you how to kill people?
Luffy: Soldier!
Violet: Kyros!
Doflamingo: This is how.
Riku: Kyros!
Doflamingo: Straw Hat!
Baby 5: There are two of him?!
Doflamingo: Penta-Chromatic String!
Kyros: Forgive me, I let my guard down.
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Doflamingo: Arming!
Luffy: Jet Gatling!
Kyros: Luffyland! What is that clone?!
Luffy: That hurt...
Violet: It looks like a marionette made of strings. I've never seen him do that before!
Doflamingo: King Riku. Do you remember how you felt that night ten years ago? The night you had to kill your beloved citizens and burn this peaceful city to the ground?
Riku: Please stop this! If I'm forced to hurt my citizens... I'd rather just die! Someone please, kill me! It still keeps me up at night. What of it?!
Doflamingo: The tragedy that is coming will be infinitely worse.
Riku: You're not serious!  What are you planning to do?! That tragedy can never-
Doflamingo: I'll let you go. Pica. Get these pests out of here.
Riku: Doflamingo... please... don't cause any more... damage to this country!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Balloon!
Doflamingo: Now, let's end this.
Luffy: He threw us all the way out to the garden by the Rampart Tower.
Violet: As long as Pica is here, we can't get near Doflamingo.
Law: It's started... The bird cage!
Pirate: Captain, what's that?!
Captain: How should I know?!   Anyway, we gotta get off the island! There's no point trying to fight Doflamingo, he'll just kill us!
Pirate: Captain, there's something in front of you!
Captain: Ow!
Pirate: B-Blades? Huh?  What's with this fence? It's hopeless!  It won't budge! What's going on here?!
Luffy: Bird cage? What does that mean, Traf?!
Law: Doflamingo doesn't want anyone to know the truth about this island. So he's going to... kill every single person on the island.
Pirate: The fence has us completely surrounded.
Captain: Where is the exit?!
Bastille: What's that?
Marine: Vice-admiral Bastille.  We can't contact HQ.
Bastille: Huh?!
Marine: Likewise!  We're not getting through to our base! We haven't reported in to them yet.
Fujitora: What is this?
Marine: Hey!  What are you doing to the people?! I-It's not me!  My body's moving on its own! Hey, stop it! W-Why did I...
Child: No!
Citizen: Stop!  Get out of the way, everyone!
Doflamingo: Parasite String.
Citizen: Help!
Bastille: What's going on?!
Marine: Reporting in! All across Dress Rosa, people are indiscriminately attacking others! Even some of the marines have started going mad! If this goes on, countless civilians will die! What now?!
Citizen: T-The Royal Grounds are sinking!
Luffy: H-Hey, the ground's lowering itself!   What's happening?!
Law: It's Pica. He can change the whole terrain, as long as it's made of stone!
Luffy: The palace is going off somewhere! Wait, palace!
Pirate: The factory is rising! What's going on here?!
Citizen: Somebody... Please, stop me! Flower Hill... is growing and swallowing the city!
Doflamingo: Citizens of Dress Rosa and visiting guests. I could simply have ruled you with fear from the start. Now that you know everything, I'm sure many of you want to kill me. So I've prepared a little game. A game to kill me. I'm in the royal palace. I won't run, nor will I hide. If you can take my life, naturally the game will end. But there is one other way to end it. That is, if you take down every last one of the people I'm about to identify. Furthermore, I will put a hefty bounty on each of their heads. Kill, or be killed. Everyone in this country will become hunters. There is no way out, except for you to kill!
Narrator: The Colosseum battle was merely a prologue. A terrifying game of life and death begins, with all of Dress Rosa as its playing field. In a desperate state, with his life targeted by the mobs of Dress Rosa, Luffy sets out to defeat Doflamingo!
