Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. Usopp successfully rendered Sugar unconscious, thus releasing the toys that were being used as slaves, but Doflamingo used the bird cage  to trap all the citizens.
Doflamingo: Now, let's end this.
Law: It's started... The bird cage! He's going to... kill every single person on the island.
Pirate: Damn, it won't even budge! Out of the way! How about this? I did it!
Girl: Papa!
Citizen: Please, someone stop me!
Doflamingo: No one will save you. No one can escape from this bird cage.
Government official: Hello?  Hello?
Doflamingo: Communication beyond this island is also impossible. You will all die, without anyone outside ever realizing a thing. Your crazed neighbors will continue to... mercilessly attack everyone.
Citizen: Someone stop me! Please, not the children!
Doflamingo: Be they your family, your friends,  or even the citizens you strive to protect.
Citizen: Stop it! My body's moving on its own. Someone stop me!
Marine: Everyone, get away from me! Isshou-san...
Doflamingo: You can run and you can hide, but there isn't a single safe haven inside this cage. The bird cage's terror will continue for days on end. Will everyone die first?  Or will you all end this game first?
Pirate: That bastard Doflamingo,  what the hell's he trying to start?! What's going on?! The factory rose up and disappeared somewhere! But this is our chance! We can get outside! The day we can escape this  underground hell has come! Thank you, God Usopp! Let's go!
Kin'emon: Robin-dono!
Robin: Kin'emon, I'm glad you're okay.
Kin'emon: A-A steel breast-band. Must be a foreign custom. I like it.
Bartolomeo: R-Robin-senpai, make me your servant... No, I misspoke. There's something I want to ask you. T-That man's nose... It's exactly the same as that of the man who shot the flag on the Tower of Justice, Sogeking-senpai.
Robin: That's him.  His name is Usopp.
Bartolomeo: It's him! Robin-senpai was moved by the actions of this crew, who made enemies of the world for the sake of one of their crewmates. Together, they're the star duo of Enies Lobby! Yes, yeah, yes!
Sabo: What are you getting all excited about, you psycho?  Shut up already!
Hack: Someone like that broke my arm...
Kin'emon: I hand them over to you. Though they may be small, they are great warriors.
Leo: Thank you, Topknotland.
Wicca: They were unconscious in the palace corridors.
Inhel: They put their lives on the line for the captain. Kabu-san, Rampo, you did a great job.
Citizen: Someone stop me!  My body won't listen to me! Someone! This is just like that night ten years ago. I finally understand. King Riku and the royal army were being controlled... by Doflamingo! They were being controlled by Doflamingo!
Doflamingo: Scream, hate, suffer. You are all innocent victims.
Riku: Stop it, Doflamingo!
Doflamingo: Think about it. Will you come kill me? Or fight alongside me to bring judgment upon the twelve fools who stand against me? If you choose incorrectly, the game won't end. For each star you get $100 million.
People: 100 million beli?!
Doflamingo: They are the outlaws of Dress Rosa! First, the one-stars... And now the two-stars...
Soldier: C-Commander Kyros! I'd forgotten about him. The invincible gladiator.
Pirate: There are some pirates there as well. The Straw Hat Pirates.
Dude: The Family commander Violet... was Princess Viola?!
Doflamingo: And the main offenders of each organization... are all three-stars!
Pirates: $300 million! Law and Straw Hat. That's the alliance that just shook the world.
Soldier: K-King Riku? King Riku, you're alive!
Pirate: There's one of the revolutionary army's top guns too! He's the chief of staff.
Hack: Information spreads fast.
Sabo: Me too?!
Usopp: T-Thank god he didn't find out about me.
Doflamingo: Furthermore, there's the man who has angered me the most today. He's the one who forced you all into this cruel game. The one who kills him... gets $500 million!
Pirates: $500 million! We can live the rest of our lives in luxury!
Usopp: F-F-F-
Leo: This is bad, Usoland's...
Pirates: Five stars! There are some one-stars and a three-star guy there as well.
Koala: Sabo-kun, what should we do?
Sabo: We're escaping above ground. Everyone, hurry!
Pirates: God Usopp!  Sorry, but please die! Five stars is $500 million!
Usopp: T-Those guys were worshiping me a minute ago! Dammit, run away.
Leo: Understood.
Kin'emon: Robin-dono. I must head for Kanjuurou, and thus, must part here.
Robin: Be careful.
Pirates: There's one over there. It's the one-star samurai. A hundred million beli!
Kin'emon: How troublesome. A-According to the gnomes, this is the scrapyard. Are you really down here, Kanjuurou?
Pirate: The $100 million is mine!
Kin'emon: To hell with it!
Pirate: He fell! The samurai fell into the hole!
Doflamingo: You don't have time to hesitate. Time is ticking,  people are dying, and the town is burning. Kill me, or kill the twelve outlaws. Now, let the games begin!
Citizen: What should we do? We've only just realized that King Riku was innocent... If all of us were to go up against him, then maybe we could kill Doflamingo. He's not alone though. To defeat Doflamingo, we'd have to go through two thousand members of the Donquixote Family. Then what are we supposed to do? King Riku is among those twelve. Do we have to betray our innocent king once again? We shouldn't have to kill them. Restraining them will do.  There's only twelve of them. We have no choice. We have to fight. Yeah. You're right.
Dellinger: Of those twelve outlaws,  one is lying right here.
Pink: Where'd Cyborg Franky disappear to?
Franky: I've revived using my spare cola, and now it's time to destroy the factory!
Pirate: There he is, one of the Straw Hats! Get back here!
Franky: Aren't you guys the former toys that Usopp saved?!
Pirate: Don't think badly of us, mister one-star Cyborg Franky, worth $100 million! The $100 million is mine!
Franky: Bring it on! You idiots are blinded by money! If you think you can take my head, then try! All bark and no bite.
Citizen: It's an outlaw! There's an outlaw over here! Let's go! Everyone capture him! Don't worry about us, and get him!
Franky: Stop it, you guys! I've got no business with you citizens!
Citizen: Hurry and shoot! Shoot!
Franky: I guess I have no choice. Like that'd work on me!
Citizen: I've decided. I gotta do it!
Franky: If I take them all on, there'll be no end. This should do it. Usopp's had his fun, now it's my turn. I'll destroy the factory.
Trébol: Hey hey, the factory just rose out of the ground.
Diamante: It's probably Pica.
Doflamingo: Trébol...
Trébol: What is it...
Diamante: ...Doffy?
Doflamingo: Diamante, so that's where you are.
Diamante: Y-Yeah.
Trébol: Doffy, about Sugar...
Doflamingo: Both of you return to the palace. We will talk later, understood?
Pirate: Wait!
Bartolomeo: Barrier. Don't follow us. Keep going toward the surface!
Robin: Zoro?
Zoro: Yeah.
Robin: Where are you?
Zoro: Is that Robin? I'm with Luffy and the others right now. It's called the "Royal Grounds". We've been put in a really aggravating situation.
Luffy: Robin?  Did you see that? Mingo's really annoying. But Usopp's bit was hilarious.
Usopp: What the hell, Luffy!
Luffy: Rebecca was on that list as well, do you think she's okay?
Robin: Rebecca's...
Rebecca: I'm right here, Lucy.
Luffy: Oh, perfect timing. The soldier's right here... Where'd the soldier go?
Riku: Don't tell me, he...
Pirate: It's an outlaw, kill him!
Rebecca: Did Soldier-san... Did Soldier-san turn back into a human? Lucy, what kind of person is he?
Luffy: What kind of person? What are you talking about? That one legged soldier is... your dad! He's the guy from the statue in the Colosseum!
Thunder Soldier: I-I couldn't protect her. I'm sorry, I couldn't protect your mother. I couldn't protect your mother,  but I'll protect you with my life. Until the day you can find true happiness,  I'll always be by your side.
Rebecca: I knew it...
Thunder Soldier: Run away, Rebecca! I'm coming to save you, Rebecca!
Thunder Soldier&Rebecca: Soldier-san is valiant... ...and he will always watch over you.
Thunder Soldier: Happy birthday, Rebecca. I'm gonna teach you how to fight. That's okay, I've got you to protect me. I'm teaching you this so that you don't get hurt. A human's instincts are far greater than you think! Bring them out! Believe in the strength of humans! I'm a toy. I don't know when my body will reach its limit. Stand up, Rebecca! Become strong!
Luffy: I'm happy for you. The soldier guy went somewhere, but listen, Rebecca. Don't cry yet. I won't let the soldier die. Make sure you stay safe. Sorry I couldn't give you the Mera Mera Fruit that you wanted to eat. But in exchange, I'll beat the crap out of Doflamingo! So stay with my crewmates. I'll end this game right away. Stay alive! You got it?!
Rebecca: Yeah!
Luffy: Just you wait, Mingo!
Narrator: As Luffy, Law and Zoro head toward Doflamingo in the royal palace, the Family commanders, Machvise, Señor, Dellinger,  and all the pirates after their bounty, surround them. They head into a life and death battle.
