Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. Usopp successfully rendered Sugar unconscious, thus releasing the toys that were being used as slaves, but Doflamingo used the bird cage  to trap all the citizens.
Doflamingo: Think about it. Will you come kill me? Or fight alongside me to bring judgment upon the twelve fools who stand against me? If you choose incorrectly, the game won't end. For each star, you get $100 million.
People: 100 million beli?!
Doflamingo: They are the outlaws of Dress Rosa! First, the one-stars... And now the two-stars... And the main offenders of each organization... are all three-stars! Furthermore, there's the man who has angered me the most today. He's the one who forced you all into this cruel game. The one who kills him... gets $500 million!
Usopp: F-F-F-
Rebecca: Did Soldier-san... Did Soldier-san turn back into a human? Lucy, what kind of person is he?
Luffy: What kind of person? What are you talking about? That one legged soldier is... your dad!
Thunder Soldier: Until the day you can find true happiness,  I'll always be by your side.
Rebecca: I knew it...
Luffy: I'll beat the crap out of Doflamingo! So stay with my crewmates. I'll end this game right away. Stay alive! You got it?!
Rebecca: Yeah!
Title: Breaking through Enemy Lines Luffy and Zoro's Counter-Attack Begins
Robin: Luffy, tell me who's there on your end.
Luffy: I'm with Zoro, Traf, and...
Viola: Riku Dold the Third, and me, Viola.
Gnomes: King Riku!
Kabu: Viola-sama is there, too?
Robin: I see.  So there's five of you. Over here, we've got...
Luffy: What's up, Robin?
Robin: Well, I'm here with Usopp and Rebecca.  We're coming to meet up with you.
Law: Do you understand, Straw Hatter? Our plan was to destroy the Smile factory to make Doflamingo and Kaidou clash. If you take out Doflamingo now, Kaidou's rage at losing the Smiles will be directed at us. It'll mean we have to fight an enraged Emperor!
Luffy: We can worry about that later. Just look at this country!  I've gotta do something!
Citizen: Find the outlaws! If we want to survive, we have to catch them! Did you find them? No, none are around here. If you find any outlaws, let everyone know right away! Somebody, please stop me!
Marine: That was close.  Don't let your guard down.
Citizen: I can't control my body!
Marine: Those poor folks. Get moving.
Bastille: Isshou-san, you're not going to capture Doflamingo?
Fujitora: We have to restrain as many of the people running rampant as possible. Besides, our target here is the alliance between Straw Hat and Law. Contact all our squadrons.
Luffy: Now, let's go!
Law: Wait, I'm still in handcuffs.
Luffy: They'll come off soon enough.
Law: As if!
Viola: I'll get the key.
Law: You have an idea where it is?
Viola: It was thrown out with us. It should be around here somewhere. I promise I'll find it, and-
Zoro: What route are we taking?
Luffy: Straight ahead!
Viola: He's not planning to jump, is he?!
Riku: That's madness!
Luffy: Just you wait, Doflamingo!
Marine: Droves of people are pouring out from under the Colosseum! W-What's going on?! It looks like all the upheaval caused the underground and the surface to merge! These must be the people who were forced to work in that underground port! Soldiers... Officials... Pirates! I... I can't believe so many people were enslaved without anyone knowing!
Cavendish: Where is Straw Hat?
Bastille: Maynard, who told you to infiltrate the battle tournament? Don't go off on your own like that. You're lucky you're still alive.
Maynard: But Bastille-san, doing so let me see the whole picture of the tournament. If we apprehend Doflamingo, the balance of the world could shift! Where is Isshou-san?
Koala: I was right to come back here. Now I can investigate undisturbed. This is... a trading vessel from the Kingdom of Biggschots, disguised as a pirate ship. The shadows from several countries have come together in this port.
Pirate: What do we do now?! There are tons of marines outside! If our deals with Doflamingo get out, it'll be a disaster! I know that.  That's why we came back. But even if we take the ship and run away... No, we have to destroy the evidence. Everything, even the ship. Got it?  Get to work! A-Alright.
Koala: I won't let you!
Pirate: Who are you?!
Koala: Seriously... I'd appreciate you not burning valuable evidence.
Citizen: Please, stop! I-I'm so sorry! Darling!
Marine: Everybody, run!
Maynard: Why, Isshou-san?! Doflamingo can't be allowed to be a Warlord any longer! We should capture him right now!
Isshou-san: I'm sure the Navy has been doing the same thing all along. You've been in this organization a long time, right, Vice-Admiral? Have you always ignored... these enraged screams? They're not crying.  They're furious! Do you think the World Government... are gods?! You will obey my decision.
Diamante: Law and the others are after the Smiles, right?
Trébol: Hey, Doffy, shouldn't we protect the factory?
Doflamingo: They'll never get in anyway.  It's made of Sea Stone. And I've got the keys right here.
Baby-5: Young master?!
Trébol: Are you sure?!
Doflamingo: Why give the enemy hope?
Lao G: How weak you are.   You couldn't even protect one little girl, Trébol.
Trébol: Shut up, old G-zer!  She's not really a little girl, you know! Hey, hey, Doffy! I'm really sorry about Sugar. How could I have known that a man with both arms and legs tied could make her faint? It was inconceivable!
Diamante: It's the same with the Mera Mera Fruit. I had no idea that the Revolutionary Army's second-in-command was fighting in the tournament. It was inconceivable!
Trébol: Right?  Right?
Lao G: No excuses, you disgraceful fools! G, for disGraceful!
Doflamingo: It's in the past. Blaming you won't change anything.
Trébol: Right?  Our boss is the best! Take that, Lao G!
Diamante: If you insist, I will accept your forgiveness. But Doffy, now the Navy will give us trouble. What should we do about Fujitora?
Doffy: I've settled matters with him.  The Navy won't go after us. But once Fujitora's use runs out, we'll have to get rid of him.
Fujitora: As for you... I'll deal with you later.
Doflamingo: What?
Fujitora: I may be a newcomer who was conscripted into the Navy, but there are things I want to do,  now that I have the rank of Admiral. To completely eliminate the system of the Seven Warlords of the Sea.
Doflamingo: Nothing good will come of letting him live. Though, getting rid of him won't be easy.
Marine: Restrain everyone you find running wild! Find the Straw Hats and Trafalgar Law! Yes, Sir!
Machvise: It looks like the Navy has no intention of fighting us -in.
Pink: So they still insist on treating the young master like a Warlord. Doesn't that seem a bit too thoughtful?
Dellinger: They must be scared of the bird cage,  too!
Pink: Anyway, I can't believe that pervert had the strength to run away. Where did he go?
Machvise: Does it matter?  He was half dead -in. He's probably getting finished off by the people under the young master's control -in.
Pink: As if! Didn't you feel his iron will?
Franky: I've decided to go on a pointless rampage,  so prepare yourselves.
Pink: Half-assed tactics won't work on him. We have to make absolutely sure we send him to Hell next time.
Franky: That's gotta be the Smile factory. It's sticking out like a sore thumb.   It's like it wants to get hit by my beam!
Machvise: A balloon's falling down -in.
Pink: A balloon? If you don't want to get hurt, girls, stand back.
Machvise: Law!
Pink: You've got some nerve showing your face here, you little brat!
Dellinger: Big Bro Law?  I'd almost forgotten you existed.
Grunt: Hey!  Isn't that... Straw Hat Luffy! Trafalgar Law! The Pirate Hunter!
Luffy: This is one hell of a place to land!
Law: Straw Hat!   Once I'm free, I'm killing you first!
Zoro: We'd be in trouble no matter where we landed. This entire country is our enemy. Anyway, let's run!
Luffy: Yeah!
Grunt: After them!
Luffy: Zoro, not that way!
Law: This isn't the right way either, Straw Hat!
Citizen: Outlaws! There are two three-stars and a two-star! Don't let them get away! Hold it!
Dellinger: Big Bro Law, I'm so glad to see you!
Luffy: Who's this guy?  A friend of yours?
Law: That's Dellinger.  Don't underestimate him. He's...
Dellinger: Not bad!
Luffy: He got me!  This weird guy just swam in the ground!
Pink: Now, Vise!
Law: Run!  He's a super-weight man!
Luffy: Dammit!  Let go of my legs!
Machvise: Ton-Ton!  Ten-Ton Vise!
Luffy: I can't get free!  My legs are stuck!
Dellinger: I won't miss this time! Pistol High-Heel! Heavy!
Machvise: Ow!
Luffy: Alright!  My feet are free!
Zoro: Keep it together!  Now let's move!
Pirate: We'll be taking your combined bounty of eight hundred million! Prepare yourselves! Fire!
Citizen: Three-stars and a two-star!
Zoro: This is such a pain!   Should we really cut them down? There are civilians in there!
Luffy: Alright, I'll use my Haki to...
Fujitora: Cease this. No matter how many weak bullets you fire, you won't hit them.
Zoro: A Navy Admiral...
Luffy: The old gambler!
Narrator: Luffy and Zoro face off against Fujitora. As their fierce battle wages on, the silent top commander, Pica, finally reveals his true power, causing tremors that shake the heavens and earth alike. The giant capable of destroying the city attacks Luffy and the others!
