Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. They managed to release the toys that were being used as slaves, but Doflamingo used the bird cage  to trap all the citizens, and then he put a bounty on twelve people, including Luffy.
Doflamingo: You don't have time to hesitate. Time is ticking,  people are dying, and the town is burning. Kill me, or kill the twelve outlaws. Now, let the games begin!
Law: Our plan was to destroy the Smile factory, to make Doflamingo and Kaidou clash. If you take out Doflamingo now, Kaidou's rage at losing the Smiles will be directed at us. It'll mean we have to fight an enraged Emperor!
Luffy: We can worry about that later. Just look at this country!  I've gotta do something!
Bastille: Isshou-san, you're not going to capture Doflamingo?
Fujitora: We have to restrain as many of the people running rampant as possible. Besides, our target here is the alliance between Straw Hat and Law. Contact all our squadrons. Cease this. No matter how many weak bullets you fire, you won't hit them.
Zoro: A Navy Admiral...
Luffy: The old gambler!
Title: The Earth Trembles Advent of the Massive God of Destruction, Pica
Luffy: I'm gonna go kick Doflamingo's ass!   Get out of my way!
Fujitora: You're spirited, I'll give you that.  But... I cannot step aside.
Luffy: You gonna fight?
Fujitora: This job brings its share of bad karma.
Grunt: Doflamingo-sama! Straw Hat Luffy just started a fight with Admiral Fujitora and his battalion!
Doflamingo: I see.  Let them fight.
Pica: The Navy and the pirates... You could just let me go all out...
Grunt: That voice! It's so...
Pica: ...and I could wipe them all out on my own!
Grunt: His voice is so high! How can that voice be coming out of that body? I can't... I just can't get used to that voice! But if I so much as giggle, I'm dead!
Doflamingo: There's no need to rush. Now listen.  This game is something of a royal election. I have asked the populace if the Rikus or the Donquixotes are more fit to rule the country. The citizens will choose their king. They have that right.
Pica: But that'll take forever!
Grunt: You idiot!  Do you want to die?!
Pica: We should just crush anyone who gets in our way.
Grunt: Hold it in!  You absolutely mustn't let it out!
Doflamingo: We simply crush the ones who come for us, and enjoy watching the rest kill each other.
Pica: Doffy, I-
Grunt: I-I'm so sorry, Pica-sama! Please forgive him.  He's new! He just wasn't expecting you to sound so... I'm sorry!  I'm so sorry!
Pica: You're getting buried alive in stone!
Baby-5: Wait, Pica-sama! Weaponmorphose! Gatling Girl! If you kill him, there won't even be a corpse left! His family wouldn't appreciate that.
Pica: I'm sorry, Baby-5.
Doflamingo: You there.
Grunt: Y-Yes, Sir?
Doflamingo: Do you have a family?
Grunt: What?  Uh, yes, I do.
Doflamingo: How about you?
Grunt: Y-Yes, Sir, I do.
Doflamingo: My mother died when I was eight. I killed my father when I was ten. My commanders are my family, who've been with me through thick and thin for many years. They're the only ones I have. I will never allow anyone to laugh at my family. Do you understand?
Grunt: Y-Yes, Sir!
Citizen: Usopp, the five-star, is in the Colosseum! There he is!  After him! Get him!
Usopp: Just leave me alone already!
Leo: Well, you are worth five hundred million, after all! You're really popular!
Flapper: Nothing less from our legendary hero!
Usopp: You expect me to be happy?! Still, I must accept my fate. Stars are destined to be chased wherever they go.
Gnomes: That's so cool! Applause!
Usopp: You guys...
Robin: Quit fooling around and run!
Rebecca: Robin-san, how will we get to the royal grounds?
Robin: With this altered geography, the Colosseum wall is pushed up against the royal grounds. We can climb up there to meet with the others.
Pirate: I found them!
Bartolomeo: There's no end to these guys!
Hack: Suits me fine.  I'll punish them all at once.
Rebecca: Hack-san!
Hack: Leave this to me.
Pirate: Move it!
Hack: Fools blinded by money, Doflamingo has you wrapped around his fingers! Four Thousand Tile True Punch!
Pirate: There they are!
Robin: Rebecca, go on ahead.
Rebecca: Robin-san!
Pirate: You're mine!
Robin: Bartolomeo!
Bartolomeo: I'm so honored to have you address me by name, Robin-senpai! I-I'll stop the enemies here. Go on ahead with Sogeking-senpai.
Robin: Thank you.
Bartolomeo: Robin-senpai thanked me! Now I'm really fired up! I ain't letting anyone chase you any further!
Luffy: Get out of my way!
Zoro: That weird trick of yours again?!
Dellinger: Looks like we won't get to fight.
Machvise: We should just go back to the young master for now -in.
Dellinger: I suppose. Huh?  Hey, where's Señor?
Machvise: Remember who you're talking about -in. He's probably scheming some hard-boiled strategy for his fight with that pervert -in.
Dellinger: Hard-boiled strategy?
Franky: Wait for me, gnomes! I'm gonna super-destroy the Smile factory and save you!
Usopp: Well, we've made it this far, but...
Leo: How are we going to climb the wall?
Robin: Leave that to me. Cien Fleur! Spider Net!
Gnomes: Incredible! Applause!
Usopp: Seriously, that's the second time!
Robin: Leo, you and your friends can go first.
Leo: Alright.
Rebecca: Bartolomeo-san!  Hack-san! We can climb up from here!
Hack: Let's go.
Bartolomeo: Will I get to meet Luffy-senpai and Zoro-senpai up there?! I'm so excited!
Viola: The key to Law's handcuffs should be here somewhere. There it is! Father!  Rebecca and the others are down below!
Riku: What?!
Pirate: The outlaws are over here! Catch them!
Tank: That's enough!
Rebecca: It's you! Tank!
Tank: Rebecca-sama, I will protect you with my life.
Riku: Oh, Commander Tank!
Tank: Your Majesty! I'm so glad you're alright!
Rebecca: Grandfather!
Riku: Rebecca...
Kyros: Everyone, please wait for me! I swear, I will restore the true Dress Rosa!
Citizen: Are you alright?
Kin'emon: I am most grateful to you. So this is the scrap heap. As the name implies, it truly is a massive pile of trash.
Citizen: Hey, what's going on outside?
Kin'emon: I am not entirely sure myself, but, more importantly, has anyone here seen a warrior by the name of Kanjuurou?
Citizen: Kanjuurou?
Franky: What's that?
Bartolomeo: What's going on?!
Rebecca: What?
Riku: What is he planning to do now?
Citizen: I-It's happening again! What is going on?!
Kyros: I-It can't be...
Citizen: That's... He's finally... Once that guy shows up, it's all over! Nobody can fight him!
Luffy: What the hell is that?!
Pirate: A giant... He's way too big!
Zoro: That's...
Law: Pica!
Grunt: Pica-sama!
Pica: Now, everyone who dares to oppose our family... I will take you on!
Luffy: That voice!  It's so high! Oh, come on! It doesn't fit him at all! What a weird voice!
Pica: Straw Hat!
Luffy: P-P-Please, give me a break!
Grunt: Hey, stop it, Straw Hat! Pica-sama is very sensitive about his voice! If he loses his cool when he's in that form... You idiot!  You made Pica-sama angry!
Luffy: I can't believe you didn't laugh!
Grunt: Of course we didn't laugh!   I'm too young to die! Run! You can't even call that a punch!   The whole town's coming down on us!
Dellinger: Pica is mad!
Machvise: We have to escape and get to the palace -in!
Dellinger: This is so exhilarating!
Fujitora: I'm sensing something really awful here.
Marine: Isshou-san, you have to get out of here! It's a stone giant!
Zoro: Luffy, will you stop provoking the enemy already?!
Pica: You're not getting away!
Luffy: See?  You're laughing too!
Law: You two...
Grunt: Here it comes!
Law: Hurry!  Or we'll get crushed!
Luffy: I'm going as fast as I can!
Zoro: Luffy! Luffy!
Narrator: Luffy and Law have been pulverized by the enormous Pica. To fight this giant and unrivaled enemy, the Colosseum warriors who once fought for their very lives come to Luffy's aid. The army of rogues, hoping to take down Doflamingo, begin their attack!
