Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. They managed to release the toys that were being used as slaves, but Doflamingo used the bird cage  to trap all the citizens. Then he put out bounties on twelve people, including Luffy.
Pica: Now, everyone who dares to oppose our family... I will take you on!
Luffy: That voice!  It's so high!
Grunt: Run!
Luffy: Hurry!  Or we'll get crushed!
Zoro: Luffy! Luffy!
Bartolomeo: Wh-What's happening?!
Gnome: My hand... My hand's about to slip. I'll never drop you!
Leo: Usoland!
Usopp: Th-Thank you, Leo.
Leo: Thank goodness.
Usopp: But what the hell was that earthquake?
Citizen: My god... I'm scared. He's flattened the town. If he does that again, we'll really be in trouble. We gotta run! Run?  Where? His fists will reach us no matter where we go!
Zoro: With just one punch... Luffy, Law, where are you?!
Luffy: Hey! Zoro! Hey, I'm up here, up here!
Zoro: Luffy!
Luffy: I got stuck.
Law: Just let me down. Get off me already.
Luffy: My bad, sorry.
Law: Are you doing this on purpose?!
Luffy: Huh?
Law: Don't "huh" me! Damn, you're audacious. Laughing at Pica's voice means death.
Luffy: We sure flew far. Where are we?
Zoro: Dunno.
Law: It seems we're pretty far away from the palace.
Zoro: Damn that rock-merging man. He's even bigger than Oars. If only I knew how to beat him.
Cavendish: Straw Hat...
Luffy: Cabbage!
Cavendish: Pirate Hunter Zoro... And Trafalgar... Law! Give me back my... popularity, you damn Worst Generation!
Luffy: What are you doing?! He's part of my crew now!
Law: Like hell I am!
Luffy: What, do you still hate me?
Cavendish: No, I won't target the Straw Hat Pirates anymore. Because my life was saved by your crewmate, God Usopp.
Zoro: By Usopp?
Cavendish: Yes, I will never forget his bravery as he disregarded himself to save many people. Even though I didn't see it.
Luffy: I love hearing nice things about my crew.
Cavendish: Ah yes... Trafalgar, this is your hat, is it not? I found it in front of the Colosseum. Allow me to put it back on. Now, step forward.
Law: Like I'd trust you!
Cavendish: Well, whatever... I'm quite busy right now. Are you interested in why I'm busy?
Luffy: Nope.
Cavendish: If you're that interested, then I guess I have to tell you. In order to repay you all, I've decided to kill Doflamingo.
Luffy: What?!
Cavendish: Leave it all to me. You lot should go hide somewh-
Luffy: Don't bother.  I'm gonna do it. I have to repay my debt to Rebecca for buying me lunch.
Law: You're fighting because of food?!
Cavendish: As if!  Don't lie to me. You want to beat Doflamingo and gain even more popularity, right?!
Luffy: What popularity?!
Cavendish: Just think about it. If I defeat a pirate as evil as Doflamingo, the reporters won't leave me alone! Mornings would begin with a rush of interviews. "Good day, superstar." "I'm honored to be called a superstar, so what can I do for you?" "Cavendish-san, could you give us a few words about your pirate life in recent years?" "Ah, are you still there, Cavendish-san?" "What's wrong, I'm right in front of you." "Is that so?" "It's so bright that I can't see you!" "Is it too bright?  I'm sorry, but I just can't hide this sparkle of mine!" "Amazing, you're really a star!"
Luffy: Alrighty, let's go.
Cavendish: "Now, burn it into your eyes!  I'm a superstar!"
Grunts: Where is he? Find him! There we go! We can't find Straw Hat's corpse! He was either smashed to bits or sent flying off somewhere.
Pica: Or he escaped. Where'd you go, Straw Hat!
Luffy: That voice!  It's so high!
Pica: Find him! If he's still alive, let me know! I won't let you get to Doffy!
Zoro: Luffy, did you know that weird guy?
Luffy: Oh, Cabbage.
Zoro: Cabbage?  What's that, his name?
Luffy: I met him in the Colosseum. There were heaps of other weird guys there too.
Pirates: There they are. Two hundred and three hundred million. Don't let them get away. Damn you!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no Whip!
Zoro: Two Sword Style, Rolling Rhino!
Pirate: There they are, a two-star and a three-star!
Zoro&Luffy: There's more of 'em.
Zoro: Hey Luffy, there's no end to these guys. Let's just go.
Chinjao: So this is where you were hiding, Straw Hat.
Sai: Out of the way!
Boo: You're in the way!
Chinjao: Out of the way!
Luffy: That voice...
Chinjao: Wait, grandson of Garp!
Sai: We've been looking for you, you bastard!
Boo: I won't let you get away!
Luffy: I knew it! This is bad, let's run!
Zoro: What's up with you!
Chinjao: Why do you run?
Luffy: They just won't quit!
Chinjao and co: Wait!
Luffy: Damn you're annoying!
Chinjao: Why do you not wait?! Head-Armor! Didn't you hear me, grandson of Garp?  I told you to wait! Don't misunderstand my intentions, grandson of Garp. My grudge against your family has long since disappeared.
Luffy: Really?
Sai: We originally came here to destroy Doflamingo's business. We don't give a shit about some bounty. That chump change won't force us into action.
Chinjao: I was saved not only by you, but by your crewmate, God Usopp.
Luffy: By Usopp?
Chinjao: Yes, and I have decided that by beating Doflamingo to a pulp, I can return the favor to you and God Usopp.
Luffy: No, I'm gonna beat Doflamingo.
Chinjao: What did you just say?
Luffy: That you should cut it out!  I'll beat him myself!
Chinjao: What?! Are you trying to snub my goodwill?!
Hairudin: There you are, Straw Hat Luffy.
Luffy: You're...
Hairudin: Let us forget what happened during our match. On my pride as a warrior of Elbaf, I shall defeat Doflamingo and repay my debt to you.
Luffy: Even you're going on about this?!
Elizabello: Foolishness! My Prodence Kingdom is indebted to King Riku. I shall be the one to defeat Doflamingo!
Dagama: What he said, we have no interest in the bounty.
Jeet: No, the ones to beat him will be us! I shall never forget... the light from the heavens that God shone upon me!
Abdul: Let us repent!
Orlumbus: Wait up, I shall be the one to to defeat Doflamingo!
Ideo: Destruction shall be my method of repayment!
Suleiman: His execution shall be left to me.
Blue Gilly: No, I'll be the one to kill Doflamingo!
Zoro: A lot of them have come out.
Cavendish: Don't forget about me!
Zoro: Another annoying one is here. Hey, is it really that important for you to-
Chinjao: I'll have you let us defeat Doflamingo.
Hairudin: I will not back down on this.
Elizabello: I shall repay my debt.
Zoro: What's up with all this? Then what about this? We'll beat up Doflamingo, and you guys can support us.
Everyone: What are you on about, I'll defeat Doflamingo! I said I'd be the one to do it!
Zoro: It's no use. These guys have too much pride.
Luffy: You guys... All of you, give it a rest! I told you I'd be the one to beat Doflamingo!
Sai: What did you say?! I told you we're repaying our debt. If you keep spouting crap, I'll kill you, stupid benefactor!
Boo: That's righ-
Blue Gilly: I'll be the one to do it!
Ideo: I'll destroy him!
Suleiman: I'm his executor!
Chinjao: Honor!
Cavendish: Popularity!
Hairudin: Pride!
Elizabello: King Riku!
Jeet&Abdul: God!
Luffy: A spear?!
Pirates: We found them. You guys give us a hand. There's a two hundred million and two three hundred million bounties.
Blue Gilly: Those guys were the toys that were with us underground.
Suleiman: Come to think of it, you're right.
Abdul: They have quite the gall!
Pirates: Capture them!
Hairudin: Go to hell, you ungrateful bastards!
Zoro: Let's go.
Luffy: Yeah. Ucy!
Zoro: A bull?
Luffy: I got an idea.
Grunt: There's something in the smoke! A-A bull?!
Luffy: Go!
Grunt: He's here! Pica-sama, we've found him! It's the Straw Hat Pirates! They've returned here! Don't let them get away! They're riding a bull.  It's those three from before. And four, five, six... seven. Wait, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I told you all to stop following me!
Grunt: Th-Their numbers... are increasing!
Blue Gilly: I'll be the one to kill Doflamingo!
Cavendish: Shut up! I'll take him out, even if I have to kill all of you to do it!
Sai: What self-absorbed nonsense are you spouting?  We'll be the ones to kill him.
Don't know Who: What are you talking about.  I'll do it! No, I will!
Zoro: Luffy, what are we gonna do about these guys?
Luffy: Stop following us.  I said I'd be the one to beat up Doflamingo!
Chinjao: I'll be the one to do it!
Grunt: Why do they suddenly have more allies?! How should I know! They're all participants from the Colosseum! P-Pica-sama?
Ideo: What's that?
Sai: It moved!
Boo: He's aiming for us.
Elizabello: I shall kill him!
Blue Gilly: Hey, I'll do it, don't get in my way!
Chinjao: Fools, leave it to me!
Pica: Damn you all, prattling on and on!
Everyone: That voice doesn't suit him at all!
Sai: What's with that voice?!
Pica: Whether it's three or three hundred people, it makes no difference!
Blue Gilly: Here it comes!
Chinjao: Leave it to me!
Pica: I'll squash the lot of you!
Elizabello: I shall go!
Chinjao: Eight Impact Fist Secret Technique: Drilling Dragon...
Elizabello: It's not fully charged, but... Light version... King Punch!
Chinjao: ...Drilling Nail!
Pica: Damn you!
Grunt: Pica-sama's arm...
Boo: You did it, gramps!
Dagama: As expected of my king!
Sai: At this rate we'll be the ones to defeat Doflamingo!
Luffy: Stop following me already!
Everyone: Shut up, you damn benefactor!
Luffy: What did you all say?!
Narrator: As Luffy and the army of ruffians head toward the palace, Pica's giant fist relentlessly rains down and blocks their way. When it seems they'll be defeated by Pica's overwhelming strength, Luffy's super-class attack finally explodes.
