Blackbeard: Darkness will consume you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I won't lose! I'll find One Piece... and become the Pirate King!
Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy, and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. They managed to release the toys that were being used as slaves, but Doflamingo used the bird cage  to trap all the citizens.
Doflamingo: Now, let's end this.
Law: It's started...
Doflamingo: For each star you get $100 million.
Narrator: Then he put a bounty on twelve people, including Luffy.
Grunt: Wait, Hairudin! Kill Straw Hat, and you'll be richly rewarded!
Hairudin: I don't care about that pittance! I was about to spend the rest of my life in disgrace as a toy... when God Usopp saved me!
Sai: I'll defeat Doflamingo!
The others: No, I will!
Luffy: Get lost already! I will send Mingo flying!
Abdullah: He's huge!  We're done for!
Jeet: There's nowhere to run!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Grizzly Magnum! Huh?  That's the stone guy?
Zoro: First time I've seen him looking human.
Luffy: We're going ahead!
Zoro: Sure!  I got this! My captain has no business with a pebble like you. You'll have to settle for me, you oversized soprano.
Title: A Shocking Confession! Law's Passionate Vow!
Grunt: Pica-sama's head's come off, and he's stopped moving! What happened?!
Dagama: Hey, the monster stopped moving.  Is he dead?
Cavendish: No, I doubt it. But if it means his bothersome punches have stopped, then this is our chance! I will take down Doflamingo!
The Broken Records: No, I will!
Grunt: They're coming again! Stop them!  Don't let them reach the palace!
Hairudin: Don't you have any better fighters?!
Grunt: I-It's hopeless.  The Colosseum fighters won't stop.
Dellinger: Look at them go!
Gladius: I can't believe they're still resisting the young master.
Machvise: They're crazy -in.
Lao G: Indeed.  Fujitora and his Navy grunts are right outside the palace. G, for Navy Grunts!
Maynard: I expect Bastille's squadron will join us soon. About half of our troops have already arrived at the palace.
Baby-5: So it was the Straw Hats that stopped Pica after all. There are four different enemies approaching the palace right now. The Colosseum army, made up of powerful fighters from throughout the New World. The former captain of the Riku Royal Army and strongest fighter in the Colosseum's history, Kyros.
Citizen: Just give yourself up, Kyros! If we don't catch you, it's only a matter of time before everyone's dead! You twelve outlaws just have to sacrifice yourselves!
Baby-5: The first mate of the Straw Hat Pirates, Pirate Hunter Zoro. Straw Hat Luffy and that traitor Law!
Luffy: Alright!  Keep going, Ucy!
Abdullah: Yeah, do your best, bull!
Jeet: Bull!
Luffy: How long are you gonna hang around?!  Get off!
Abdullah & Jeet: Oh, stop it, Straw Hat-san!
Baby-5: I don't see Señor.
Machvise: He was here a minute ago.  I'm sure he went to look for that pervert -in.
Baby-5: Pervert?
Franky: Alright, here I am! Transform! The Smile factory! Now it's time to smash the factory gates! Radical Beam!
Pink: Not that your attack could even scratch the factory, but... I came to settle things with you, just to be safe.
Franky: You still wanna fight?!
Pink: That's what men do, kiddo.
Citizen: Please, Kyros!  Come out and surrender! If you don't come out, we'll come for you! We don't want the money, but the slaughter won't stop until everyone's dead! We have no choice!  We want to put an end to this nightmare!
Kyros: I wish to end this battle as quickly as possible. I will not blame you for your judgment, but you've reminded me of why I must keep going!
Citizen: Fire!  Don't let him escape!
Kyros: I, too, have something I must do!
Luffy: Great, Ucy!  Keep it up! This way, we'll make it to Mingo before anyone else! Just you wait, Mingo!  I won't let anyone beat me to you! I'll send you flying myself! What're you looking at?
Abdullah: Straw Hat-san...  Your companion...
Jeet: He stayed behind to fight that monster on his own. He's such a man!
Luffy: Oh, you mean Zoro? He'll be fine!  There's no way he'll lose!
Pica: I'm going to kill you, you lowlife!
Zoro: You're so annoying to listen to. That screechy voice of yours makes my ears bleed.
Pica: Bastard! Die!
Zoro: What are you doing, Grandpa Soprano?
Luffy: He promised, so he'll definitely win. Absolutely!
Law: Hey, Straw Hatter.
Luffy: Huh?
Law: I understand that we have no choice but to fight. I've made up my mind. The plan I first suggested was an indirect way to crush Doflamingo. But to be honest, I, too, wanted to take him down directly. I lost earlier, but this time I'll get him! Thirteen years ago, someone very dear to me... was killed by Doflamingo. His name was Corazon. He was a top commander in the Donquixote Family.
Luffy: Huh?!  He was one of Mingo's men?!
Law: That's right.  I owe my life to him. He was also... Doflamingo's little brother!
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai! Luffy-senpai! Where are you, Luffy-senpai? Huh?!  Luffy-senpai ain't here!
Robin: Of course he isn't.
Bartolomeo: You knew?!
Usopp: Luffy can't stay still in one place for five minutes.
Bartolomeo: Freedom! I'd expect no less from the Pirate King!
Leo: King Riku, what is that stone monster? Why is the palace over there?
Violet: I found it.
Rebecca: Viola-san!
Riku: Viola!
Violet: I found it, Father. The key to Trafalgar Law's handcuffs. I finally found it using my Clairvoyance. We have to get it to him somehow.
Riku: Wait, Viola!  Why are you so concerned about them? They're pirates!
Violet: That's right.  They are the outlaws who will tear down the peaceful façade of this country! Father, I'm betting everything on them, on the Straw Hat Pirates. The pirate Doflamingo, who was given the rank of Warlord by the World Government, has reigned over this country and caused us all so much pain. I don't want any help from the World Government or the Navy, who pretend to be so righteous! They can't hear... the voices of the victims, the enraged screams of this country. The people in charge only ever hear what they want to hear. At least the Straw Hats have passion behind their words, and they act according to their hearts!
Luffy: I'll beat the crap out of Doflamingo! So stay with my crewmates. Just look at this country!  I've gotta do something!
Leo: King Riku.  King Riku! Look at this man.
Riku: Aren't you the five-star?
Leo: That's right!  He is God Usopp, also known as Usoland! This man fought without regard for his own safety... and broke the spell on the toys that had endured for ten years! He is our hero!
Gnomes: Usoland!  Usoland!  Usoland!
Leo: His bravery brought us all to tears! It was just so... so... So very moving! He's a superhero!
Gnomes: Usoland!  Usoland!  Usoland!
Leo: And Luffyland is that superhero's captain! King Riku, the Usolanders, aka the Straw Hat Pirates, are this country's shining star of hope! Even if they are pirates, we will trust them to the very end!
Bartolomeo: This is the best! The Straw Hat Pirates' unforgettable, moving scene! I'm so lucky to be here!
Gnomes: Usoland!  Usoland!  Usoland!
Rebecca: Viola-san, I'll take that key to Lucy.
Violet: Rebecca?!
Rebecca: I can't wait around here.  Please let me go.
Violet: Rebecca...
Bartolomeo: Alright, great idea!  Go to Luffy-senpai! Of course, I'm coming along!  Leave it to me!
Violet: Rebecca, if you go down there, you'll be hunted down as an outlaw in Doflamingo's game. It won't be easy for you.
Rebecca: I'll be fine.
Violet: Alright.  Be careful.
Leo: Kabu-san! Everyone!
Violet: You...
Leo: In that case, you could go via the rooftops! Kabu-san and I will accompany you, so don't worry!
Violet: Via the rooftops?!
Leo: That's right!  Inhel, I can leave the factory to you, right?
Inhel: Of course! According to our reconnaissance unit, Fraland is currently fighting Señor Pink. We will help Fraland to free our captured friends and Princess Mancherie!
Leo: Good. Then I'll see you later! Everyone, there's no time to relax!   Let's meet up back here at the royal grounds! Now let's go!
Riku: Straw Hat Luffy...  What a strange man. In this hopeless situation,  everyone is pinning their hopes on him. A pirate, huh?
Abdullah: Straw Hat-san!  We're almost at the first level!
Jeet: Look at that welcoming committee!
Grunt: What's that?! Something's coming!
Luffy: Alright, we're the first!   Nobody else has made it here yet! Well done, Ucy!
Grunt: It's Straw Hat Luffy! Get him!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Return Fire! Alright, now charge, Ucy! Let's go!
Narrator: A single man stands up against the Navy. The strongest forces clash at last!
Luffy: Next time, on One Piece: Great Clash! Chief of Staff Sabo VS Admiral Fujitora I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
