Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. Doflamingo used the bird cage to trap all the citizens, and Dress Rosa has fallen into chaos. On top of that, he put bounties on  the heads of Luffy and eleven others. While the Donquixote Family waits, Luffy heads for the Royal Palace to take down Doflamingo.
Law: His name was Corazon. He was a top commander in the Donquixote Family.
Luffy: Huh?!  He was one of Mingo's men?!
Law: That's right.  I owe my life to him. He was also... Doflamingo's little brother!
Riku: Wait, Viola!  Why are you so concerned about them? They're pirates!
Violet: That's right.  They are the outlaws who will  tear down the peaceful façade of this country! Father, I'm betting everything on them -  the Straw Hat Pirates!
Leo: King Riku, the Usolanders, aka the Straw Hat Pirates, are this country's shining star of hope! Even if they are pirates,  we will trust them to the very end!
Abdullah: Straw Hat-san!  We're almost at the first level!
Luffy: Alright, we're the first!   Nobody else has made it here yet! Gomu Gomu no... Return Fire! Alright, now charge, Ucy! Let's go!
Title: Great Clash! Chief of Staff Sabo VS Admiral Fujitora
Dagama: Doflamingo!
Dellinger: How odd! Ah!  It's so odd! How could those idiots from the Colosseum climb all the way up here?! I thought there were thousands of marines down there!
Machvise: I thought so too -in!
Dellinger: Vice Admiral Bastille and  Navy HQ Admiral Fujitora, too! How did they make their way through?!
Sai: Hey!  Is this all the Donquixote Family's got?!
Blue Gilly: We'll reach their boss soon!
Orlumbus: Outta my way!  I go first!
Cavendish: Alright, go straight up, Farul!   This is the stairway to stardom!
Machvise: In...
Gladius: Damn the Navy...  So useless!
Baby-5: There are more coming!
Dellinger: What?!
Grunt: I have a report! Straw Hat Luffy has made it to the first l-
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Gatling! Outta my way!
Abdullah: Don't you dare stand...
Jeet: ...In Straw Hat-san's way, damn small-fries!
Luffy: Don't you stand behind me, either!  Get off!
Abdullah: Don't say that!  Let us follow you!
Jeet: Straw Hat-san!
Luffy: What's wrong with these guys?
Grunt: Straw Hat! This is as far as you go!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Stamp Gatling!
Abdullah & Jeet: Yeah!  Nice!  Straw Hat-san!
Luffy: Here I come, Mingo!
Grunt: We can't... c-compete with him...
Gladius: Straw Hat!
Dellinger: They're dropping like flies!
Grunt: T-The Colosseum fighters are coming up too!
Ideo: Get out of my way!  Destructive Cannon!
Cavendish: Straw Hat!
Machvise: What are you doing -in, idiots?! Do you wanna screw up the young master's game -in?!
Lao G: Can't they take even one guy down? G, for disappointinG! G, for depressinG! G, for don't Give up!
Grunt: Say "G" all you want, G-zer. We're still no match for them.
Blue Gilly: That was close! You jerk!  You almost hurt me!
Orlumbus: Weaklings will be cleared away!
Blue Gilly: What did you say?!
Cavendish: Bye! My singular goal is to repay my debt to God Usopp and his friends! And... to make the headlines of the newspapers!
Newspaper headline: The White Horse The Pirate Noble Cavendish
Cavendish: You can just carry on with your little quarrel.
Orlumbus: Dammit! I will...
Blue Gilly: ...Repay my debt!
Dellinger: Ah!  Everybody's coming!  Even the Colosseum gang!
Baby-5: I see them, Dellinger! The marines are being stalled.
Dellinger: What?!
Fujitora: Is there no way to have you move aside?
Sabo: That's right. The Straw Hat Pirates... and those warriors who support them... I can't let anyone who's trying to hurt them... go any farther!
Fujitora: Is it the Revolutionary Army's job to protect pirates?
Sabo: Yes, it is. As a member of the Revolutionary Army,  I won't let you through. No, I got it wrong. As a brother, I can't let you pass!
Fujitora: Oh? And precisely whose brother might you be?
Bastille: Wait, men!  He's completely out of your league.
Marine: But Vice Admiral...
Sabo: Vice Admiral, huh? He's right. Even if you all attack at once... you can't defeat me.
Marine: You bastard! You did it! You underestimated the Navy, kid!
Sabo: That won't hurt me. I have the power of the Mera Mera Fruit.
Marine: Are you kidding me?! The Navy can't be defeated by a single member of the Revolutionary Army!
Bastille: Wait!  Don't do it!
Marine: Fire! Fire!  Fire!  Fire!
Bastille: I said "Don't!"
Marine: This guy's fingers are freakishly strong!
Sabo: They're claws! Fire Fist! Fire Fist!
Bastille: Guys! He's a Logia!  Physical attacks won't work against him!
Marine: Logia? He's a devil!
Bastille: This is terrifying. I can't believe the Revolutionary Army's second-in-command has that Devil Fruit. Step back! You guys can't beat him! You bastard!
Marine: Dodge!
Sabo: Your Shark-Cleaver isn't just for show, I see.
Bastille: You little brat! Scurrying around like a cat... I'm gonna bring you down along with those claws that you're so proud of!
Sabo: My fingers are... dragon claws! The claws that rip apart those bigoted people... in power!
Marine: He broke Vice-Admiral Bastille's Shark-Cleaver!
Bastille: Why, you...
Sabo: These claws can... crush human skulls... like an egg!
Fujitora: I have a problem. Since that bird cage thing is in the way, my meteor's going to be sliced, isn't it?
Marine: Run! It's a meteorite!
Fujitora: Oops!  What a fine mess! It's all over the place... I hope no civilians got hurt.
Marine: When you plan to bring down a meteorite, let us know, Isshou-san!
Fujitora: Oh, I'm sorry!  I brought one down!
Marine: Before you do it! Bastille-san!
Fujitora: Do you know the position you're in?
Sabo: Only a Navy admiral could do that.  Such power... I still haven't gotten used to my own power... so I tried to ward it off.
Marine: Vice Admiral Bastille! Vice Admiral!
Fujitora: This is quite the mess you've caused.
Sabo: Huh?!  You caused most of it!
Fujitora: You said you had to do this  "as a brother" earlier, did you not?
Sabo: Yeah.
Fujitora: The previous owner of the Mera Mera Fruit, Fire Fist Ace, who died at Marineford, claimed that he was Straw Hat's adopted brother. You mean you're his brother too?
Ace: Have you heard? When you exchange sake cups, you become brothers.
Luffy; Ace & Sabo: Yeah!
Sabo: We exchanged cups of brotherhood. We're tied by an unbreakable bond.
Fujitora: What a troublesome bunch of brothers.
Marine: What kind of brothers are they?! Straw Hat's brothers... One of them was one of Whitebeard's commanders, and the other one is the  Revolutionary Army's second-in-command?!
Sabo: Remember this... If Luffy ever calls for my help, I'll throw my rank aside and come to his aid, no matter where in the world we are. I never...
Newspaper headline: Ace is dead Ace is dead Ace is dead Ace is dead Ace is dead Ace is dead Ace is dead Ace is dead Ace is dead Ace is dead Ace is dead Ace is dead Ace is dead
Koala: Sabo-kun!
Hack: Sabo!
Sabo: ...want to go through that again!
Fujitora: I guess there's no point in asking you any more questions.
Sabo: You don't care anyway, do you?
Fujitora: I don't have any sake to go along with your stories.
Sabo: Luffy. You're our little brother! I will... protect Luffy!
Narrator: Robin and the others, trying to join Luffy, go for a mighty make-or-break flight... and take the Tontatta Airline straight to the Royal Palace. Meanwhile, as the group of ruffians makes steady progress, Luffy and the others fall behind, and then they charge into a secret shortcut to the palace trying to make a big comeback!
