Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo, and were captured along with the rest of the island. He also put bounties on the heads of twelve people, including Luffy, who are now being hunted by the citizens. As the Straw Hats furiously fight the Donquixote Family, Luffy and Law head for the palace.
Bellamy: Isn't there any... hope left for me?
Doflamingo: You've wanted to become a pirate all your life. But not me. Anything was fine with me. As long as I could... destroy this world!
Tontatta: Is that...
Bian: Roger that!  Pink Bees, the next message!
Sanshita: I guess you need another beating to understand things.
Tontatta: I don't know what's going on, but one thing I know is... Friends don't lie! Shut up... grunts!
Sai: Go ahead, Straw Hat!
Hajrudin: Leave this mess here to us and go!
Sai: Make sure to get him there, Cavendish!
Cavendish: Hey, hey, I'm not public transportation!
Elizabello: We gotta win this war!
Title: The Second Samurai Evening Shower Kanjuurou Appears
Gladius: Don't let Straw Hat and the others proceed to the third level!
Machvise: Bring them down at any cost -in, you guys!
Grunt: We won't let you go any farther from here! Don't get in our way! Go away!
Hajrudin: You go away!
Ideo: Destruction Cannon!
Grunt: Damn!  Those guys were disorganized before, but now they've teamed up!
Ideo: I don't like it, but I have no choice but to count on you guys now!
Dagama: Cavendish! Take Straw Hat to the Royal Palace at any cost!
Cavendish: They're saying whatever they want! Let's go, Farul!
Gladius: I won't let you!
Ideo: Destruction Cannon!
Lao G: G, for your back was unGuarded!
Gladius: Prepare to be shattered into pieces! Mine Punc!
Grunts: He did it! Serves them right!
Gladius: You idiots, just go after  Straw Hat and the others already!
Grunts: Y-Yes, sir!
Baby 5: Weapon-morphose! Revolver Girl! I thought teaming up wasn't your style?
Chinjao: Garp's grandson is worth going against our style! Prepare yourself! Arms-Head! Hm?  She got away?
Dellinger: Play with me, K-I-N-G! Play with me, K-I-N-G! Play with me, K-I-N-G! Play with me, K-I-N-G! Play with me, K-I-N-G! Pistol High-Heel! I guess a king's life is very valuable!
Hajrudin: I couldn't get him.
Elizabello: My gratitude!
Hajrudin: I just wanted to kill that bastard!
Machvise: Ten-Ton Vise!
Elizabello: Hajrudin!
Machvise: Don't lower your guard -in, Dellinger!
Dellinger: I was just playing with him. I can kill him anytime.
Dagama: Way to go! As my allies, they're all reliable warriors.
Boo: This doesn't mean I've become your ally!
Blue Gilly: Don't push your luck, Dagama!
Grunt: Keep them away from the Royal Palace! Bring down Straw Hat!
Dagama: Secure a path for Straw Hat!
Everyone: Yeah!
Dagama: This is the deciding moment of this war!
Baby 5: Looks like that guy is taking command.
Dellinger: He's annoying!
Luffy: Daruma!
Dellinger: What the... Hey, let go of me!  You jerk!
Dagama: Head for the top, Straw Hat!
Grunt: Shoot, shoot! Stop them, whatever the cost!
Cavendish: Beautiful Sword: Stardust Prince!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no Jet Gatling!
Soldier: It gives me the creeps. Is there a beast or something?
Kin'emon: It is coming from around here.
Kanjuurou: I said I cannot eat anymore...
Kin'emon: Could it be?
Kanjuurou: Is it morning already?
Soldier: What's going on?
Citizen: Somebody was in the wall?
Kin'emon: Ka... Ka... Kan... How I missed you so! I am glad that you are unharmed! Kanjuurou!
Kanjuurou: Oh, Kin'emon!
Kin'emon: This is great! Truly!
Kanjuurou: I am sorry.  I presume I made you search for me a bit. Queer occurrences kept taking place, so I was planning to hide myself in the wall for a while, but I fell asleep before I knew it. Anyway, Kin'emon, I cannot believe you returned!
Kin'emon: What are you saying... Oh no!  Momonosuke!
Kanjuurou: Save Momonosuke!  Do not worry about me!
Kin'emon: My apologies for the long wait!
Kanjuurou: I had faith in you.  The wait was no trouble at all. Do not be so stiff and formal, friend. With my sorcery, I lacked the problem of procuring food. Oh well, I am not hungry at all, but... Want some lettuce?
Kin'emon: No, I do not. Your food never agrees with my stomach.
Kanjuurou: Well, as long as you and Momonosuke fare well...
Kin'emon: Yes, we are, thanks to you!
Kanjuurou: Good.  I hope I may see Momonosuke soon.
Kin'emon: Yes, Momonosuke is looking forward to seeing you too! So many things have happened since I last saw you, but I cannot put them succinctly! We have much to discuss! We shall speak in detail later.
Kanjuurou: Understood!  Let us depart from here!
Soldier: Depart? Is there a way to get out of here?
Citizen: How is he gonna do that?
Soldier: Is he... drawing something?
Kanjuurou: Come on out! Escape Sparrow!
Citizen: No way! His drawing started moving!
Soldier: A Devil Fruit ability?
Everyone: That picture of a bird came to life! But the drawing is terrible...
Soldier: It's an incredible ability, but he's so bad at drawing... that he ended up making a sparrow that looks like it can hardly fly.
Kanjuurou: Now, Kin'emon, let us go! We can fly straight up to the ceiling with this Escape Sparrow!
Soldier: Wait a sec! All of us here are... former soldiers of the Riku Royal Army and citizens who had been living as toys all this time. We don't know what's going on, but is King Riku alright?!
Citizen: Our families are in the town!
Soldier: Take us with you!  I beg you!
Kin'emon: Kanjuurou!
Kanjuurou: Do not say another word!  It is unnecessary!
Citizen: Awesome! Thank you, samurai!
Soldier: Finally, we can get back to the surface!
Kanjuurou: Take turns climbing out! Since it is a pictorial ladder, it is very fragile!
Citizen: The lines aren't straight, so it's hard to climb!
Kanjuurou: Stop complaining!  What nerve!
Grunt: Stop Straw Hat and the others!
Blue Gilly: Why don't you aim at us instead?
Dellinger: Guillotine High-Heel! There, I aimed at you!
Luffy: Oh, Long Legs got beat!
Cavendish: Don't look away, Straw Hat! We must get to the Palace where  Doflamingo is, at any cost! I knew it when I heard Doflamingo's speech!
Doflamingo: A game to kill me. Kill, or be killed. Everyone in this country will become hunters. There is no way out, except for you to kill!
Cavendish: This game called the bird cage is one big farce! As soon as the weapon trafficking and the secret of the toys were revealed, I imagine all the people currently in this country  were sentenced to death. Doflamingo won't let any  information leak out of the country. That's why he enclosed the island in the bird cage. Which means Dress Rosa... is a solitary island, cut off from the rest of the world! Believing in miracles and waiting for the end of the game... will get us all killed! The only way to get out of this island alive... is to move forward and kill Doflamingo. With all the chaos that's taking place within this country right now... and despite all of the unexpected events, it seems like Doflamingo is enjoying it all. I don't know anyone who's more cunning than Doflamingo. Doflamingo is always one step ahead of everyone, but if there's one mistake he made, it was bringing together odd, tough warriors from all over the world for the event at the Colosseum. We're not gonna be defeated! Because, after all, I will take down Doflamingo!
Luffy: What're you talking about?! I said I'm gonna kick Mingo's ass!
Law: I said it would be me, Straw Hatter!
Kyros: I appreciate the thought, but I'm gonna do it!
Luffy: Soldier!  You said you just wanted to kill one of the top commanders!
Kyros: That's a personal thing! Taking back King Riku's country is my inevitable duty! I have to put an end to the tragedy that started 10 years ago!
Law: If you talk about time, I have a grudge from 13 years ago!
Luffy: Then, mine's from 30 years ago!
Cavendish: Don't lie!  There's no way that you're older than me! You guys get off!
Luffy: You get off!
Cavendish: It's my horse!
Luffy: You told me to get on!
Kyros: The road's ending!
Cavendish: Almost there!  The third level!
Luffy: All right! Continue straight to the fourth level! Horse!
Cavendish: What's the matter, Farul?
Luffy: What are those giant dolls?!
Narrator: The group of dolls stands in Luffy and the others' way. Meanwhile, Pica, who has been fighting Zoro, throws a punch with his gigantic fist aimed at Robin and the others heading for the Royal Palace. When it seems like his attack is unavoidable, Zoro's never-before-seen sword attack strikes Pica!
