Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo... and were captured along with the rest of the island. Then he put a bounty on twelve people, including Luffy, and now they're being hunted by the citizens. As the Straw Hats furiously fight the Donquixote Family, Luffy and Law have finally begun their battle with Doflamingo at the royal palace!
Fujitora: We are birds of a feather. Neither the Navy nor Doflamingo belong here. The Navy will never be a hero in this country.
Sabo: If somebody notices that's what you're thinking...
Fujitora: No. You just slowed me down a little...
Sabo: It's like a gamble.
Fujitora: I'm sort of a lucky man.
Citizen: King Riku!  What are we supposed to do?! If you tell us to fight, we'll take up arms! King Riku! We'll follow you!
Riku: I suggest we wait a little longer.
Citizen: What?  Wait?
Riku: We needn't rush into death.
Doflamingo: Did you think you could take me down? The idea of shitty brats like you acting cocky, and thinking, for even a second, that you could defeat me is... an unbearable humiliation to me. Listen. I'm a descendant of the world's noblest bloodline... A Celestial Dragon! I was born superior. I possessed the most coveted power in the world. Father!  Where are the slaves?  Let's go buy some! Father, why don't they kneel before us? Father!  Why do they come after us?!
Citizens: They're a Celestial Dragon family! Don't kill them.  Make them suffer for the rest of their lives!
Doflamingo: By the age of ten, I'd experienced heaven and hell on Earth. Then, I killed my father who caused my pain... and returned to Mariejoa with his head! But... the Celestial Dragons in heaven would never accept a renegade family! I knew there was no way to get out of this hell. I swore to myself at that moment. That I would destroy... this entire world that they dominate! The life I've lived is on a very different level from yours! I have no time to play around... with you brats!
Title: The Ultimate Power The Secret of the Ope Ope Fruit!
Narrator: In the town of Primula, located on the northwestern side of Dress Rosa...
Citizen: W-W-Wait a minute! Honey! P-Please! D-Don't do it!  I'm begging you! Please! I don't want to do this! But I can't... my body is out of control! Sorry!  I'm so sorry!  Forgive me!
Pirate: With this much loot, we can rebuild our ship!
Marine: Wait, damn pirates! What're you guys doing amidst all this chaos?!
Pirate: Oh crap! Don't just stand there!  Let's run!
Marine: I won't let you get away!
Pirate: You can't catch us!
Marine: Stop!
Pirate: No way! No way!
Marine: Fire the tranquilizer bullets! Are they scared of the fire? Or do they sense something? Damn!  We're already short-handed. It's gonna die if we don't stop it. Tranquilizer bullets! Do we still have any?!
Citizen: What's going on?! You people are the Navy, aren't you?! Do something about this situation! Isn't there any way?!
Maynard: We're short of tranquilizer bullets, as well as soldiers. What should we do? I-If we stand by...
Marine: Vice Admiral Maynard!
Maynard: What's wrong?!
Marine: The fight between Sabo of the Revolutionary Army and Isshou-san in Acacia... ended in a draw due to injury!
Maynard: What?!  There's no way! The admirals from HQ are the Navy's greatest military powers! Why, Isshou-san?! Doflamingo can't be allowed to be a Warlord any longer! We should capture him right now!
Fujitora: I'm sure the Navy has been doing the same thing all along. You've been in this organization a long time, right, Vice-Admiral? Have you always ignored... these enraged screams? They're not crying.  They're furious! Do you think the World Government... are gods?!
Maynard: I don't know what he meant by that...
Marine: What should we do?
Maynard: But now isn't the time to think about it. We'll deal with the pirates that headed for Doflamingo later! For now, we'll keep trying to calm the unrest all around us!
Marine: Yes sir!
Maynard: Do your best not to harm any citizens or animals! Sedate those who are out of control with tranquilizer bullets! That's all we can do now...
Marine: There's no end to them.  Can we even do this?!
Citizen: Dad! Mom!
Marine: Are you okay?
Luffy: Damn!  I can't get it off!
Doflamingo: Futile!
Bellamy: Dodge, Straw Hat!
Luffy: Wait, wait, wait, wait! Gomu Gomu no... Octopus Stamp! That was close!
Law: Behind you!
Doflamingo: You guys have no idea... Can you imagine what people would do to a fallen Celestial Dragon? Deep down, people are... all... cruel.
Luffy: What are you talking about, Fake Mingo?!
Doflamingo: Alright then, let's begin the executions. You're the first, Law...
Trébol: Hey! Chop him up into bits and pieces, like he did to me!
Doflamingo: I'm really... disappointed in you...
Law: There's something that's still bothering me. If you're a former Celestial Dragon, expelled from Mariejoa... Why do you still have influence?! CP-0 works directly under the World Government, yet you brought them into action this morning!
Doflamingo: Do you wish to know that, even though you're going to die soon? It's because I know about the important national treasure... that they have inside the Holy Land of Mariejoa!
Law: The national treasure in Mariejoa?
Doflamingo: Yes.  It's something that could shake the world by its very existence.
Celestial Dragons: Kill Doflamingo! We cannot allow that kid to live!
Doflamingo: To them, I'm a fugitive with the most dangerous card to play. They tried to kill me, but I didn't die, so the Celestial Dragons became very cooperative. Plus, had I possessed your  Ope Ope Fruit's power that day, I would have taken the helm of the world, utilizing the national treasure in Mariejoa! Your power has such value. In addition to the Personality Transplant, there's another surgery. Do you know about it? If used by someone wise, the Ope Ope Fruit can realize a dream people have had since ancient times. That's why many call it the ultimate Devil Fruit.
Law: Yeah, I know... Even though I have no interest in it. The greatest power of this fruit is to grant another person eternal life... via the Eternal Youth Operation! The greatest power of this fruit is to grant another person eternal life... via the Eternal Youth Operation! But once it's performed, the surgeon himself will die.
Doflamingo: Indeed! That's why I wasn't gonna let you eat it! After all I did for you, you betrayed me!
Law: Oh, I'm sorry!
Doflamingo: Diamante's swordplay! Bullet String! Lao G's martial arts!
Law: Room! Injection Shot!
Doflamingo: Gladius's marksmanship! Everything you know about fighting, you learned from us!
Law: Yeah! And I'm still here thanks to Cora-san! I'm grateful... for this power that's gonna bring you down! Damn!
Doflamingo: Don't kill him, Diamante. This is just a trial before we take him into our family as an apprentice.
Law: You jerk!
Diamante: I know, Doffy.
Law: If I beat him, will you make me a commander?
Trébol: Can't help my nose from running!
Law: Damn!
Diamante: Are you serious?
Law: Stop laughing!  I'm serious!
Diamante: You can't kill a person with spirit alone!
Law: I told you!  I have explosives! I'm gonna die soon anyway, so I'm not afraid of anything!
Diamante: Don't underestimate pirates!
Buffalo: He was just a big talker -dasuyan.
Baby 5: It's over!  It's over!  Let's play tag!
Buffalo: Okay -dasuyan!
Law: Dammit...
Baby 5: Wait!  Wait, wait!
Buffalo: No -dasuyan!
Law: Where's the captain?
Diamante: Our captain, Doffy, doesn't have time for a newbie like you.
Trébol: Uh-huh, uh-huh!  We heard that you're not gonna live long. When?  Hey, hey!  When are you gonna die?
Law: Three years and two months from now.
Diamante: A doctor said so?
Law: My dead parents were doctors. I found out by reading my medical data.
Diamante: What a smart brat.
Law: I wanna kill as much as I can in these three years... and destroy everything!
Diamante: This guy's got a few screws loose!
Trébol: Can't help my nose running!
Diamante: Well, we accept kids, too. Up until now, we've had about a hundred kids come, but most of them ran off crying within two days.
Trébol: Are you gonna be okay?
Buffalo: Nin!  Trébol-sama!
Baby 5: Diamante-sama!
Diamante: They're the only kids remaining. What is it?  Buffalo?  Baby 5?
Baby 5: Cora-san came back! He tripped!
Buffalo: We knew he was gonna trip -dasuyan!
Baby 5/Buffalo: You tripped!  You tripped!  You tripped! You tripped!  You tripped!
Buffalo: Dasuyan....
Diamante: Doffy won't care if you're a kid or not. If you do it right, you'll rise up the ranks quickly.   But if you're useless, that's it. Well, good luck.
Baby 5: Cora-san, I brought you a cup of tea. It's hot.
Diamante: Corazón, did you finish your work without any trouble? Then, give me the earnings. We have to be faithful when it comes to money. Your name is Law, isn't it? This guy who just returned is a commander, just like us. His name is Corazón. He's an absent-minded idiot, but... he's strong, maybe because of his blood. Captain Doffy's brother by blood. He can't speak because of a traumatic event in his past, I heard. Also... He hates kids, you've been warned.
Law: What the...?!
Baby 5: Oh, he's dead!
Buffalo: He fell into the mountain of scrap metal -dasuyan!
Law: What's the deal with that insane bastard?! Damn!  Damn! Damn!  Damn!  Damn! I'm gonna kill him!
Baby 5: Cora-san caught fire!
Narrator: Law's hometown was white and beautiful, like a country of snow. Flevance, the dream country. However, his beautiful homeland suddenly became a war zone and vanished from the face of the earth. The extreme hardships that Law went through as a boy are now revealed!
