Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo... and were captured along with the rest of the island. As the Straw Hats furiously fight the Donquixote Family, Luffy and Law have finally begun their battle with Doflamingo! Now, the relationship between  Law and Corazón is revealed.
Title: Sorrowful Memories Law, the Boy from the White Town!
Buffalo: It's time to eat -dasuyan!
Law: That crazy bastard!
Pink: There you are. Doffy wants to ask you something.
Law: I've got something to ask him, too! Hey, what are you doing?!
Pink: You really, really hate kids, huh Corazón?
Law: I'll kill him!
Doflamingo: Our next target is Rakesh. The fools from that town wag their tails at us  while allying with other groups behind our backs. I'll make them pay for their betrayal.
Giolla: What do you want?  We're having dinner. Throw him out!
Doflamingo: It's fine. I called him.
Giola: You did?!
Trebol: Hey, hey, Law! It's been a week already. Don't you wanna run away? You've been getting beaten by Corazón ever since you came here.
Diamante: Kids and adults alike run away. That's why we have only the strongest. How much longer will a useless brat like you last?
Law: I'm not gonna go anywhere!
Pica: If that's so...
Lao G: No matter what happens, don't forget the blood law. The Family will fall apart if a member defies a commander's authority.
Buffalo: I once laughed at Pica-sama and almost died from the torture.
Law: It doesn't scare me. I've seen hell itself.
Doflamingo: You're free to say what you want... but Corazón is my precious younger brother of my own blood. If anyone so much as nicks him, I'll... put them to death!
Machvise: Look at his skin!
Giolla: The White Lead Disease!  It's agonizing pain if you're infected!
Buffalo: What?!  It's contagious?!  That's gross! Get out of here now -dasuyan!
Doflamingo: Giolla, don't treat mere rumors as fact. Shame on you. Look.  Buffalo believed you. The White Lead Disease is a poison. It's not contagious.
Buffalo: But stay away from me just in case -dasuyan! I don't wanna catch that disease -dasuyan!
Doflamingo: Hey. Are there any other survivors from the White Town, Flevance?
Law: I don't know.  It took everything I had just to escape.
Doflamingo: How did you get out?
Law: I crossed the border by hiding under a pile of dead bodies.
Gladius: Hey!  I'm eating!
Doflamingo: Why so much malice?
Law: I don't believe in anything anymore. I'm not afraid of death. Corazón!  Don't push your luck! I'll get my revenge on you at any cost!
Baby 5: Hey, are you stupid? Weren't you listening?! They'll torture you if you do that! Impalement! Don't mess with pirates! Children are idiots. They think crying and saying sorry will make things better!
Randoms: The Donquixote Family! Shoot!  Shoot!
Baby 5: Weapon-morphose!
Machvise: Ten-Ton Vise!
Baby 5: Hey, what kind of place is the White Town, where that kid was from?
Gladius: It was a country called Flevance. The White Town was a nickname for it.
Baby 5: Flevance?
Gladius: Yeah. All of its citizens were rich, and the towns were all white, from the soil to the plants... like winter in a fairy tale. I heard the country's beauty was out of this world. One day, they discovered White Lead, a type of lead, underground... and found out that was the source of the fantastic scenery. They made utensils, paint, sweeteners, cosmetics, and even weapons out of White Lead. People all over the world wanted to buy their high-quality White Lead goods... and it became Flevance's flagship industry. The cunning World Government went into the transport business to ship that merchandise. White Lead made people a fortune.
Law's Dad: Law, for this kind of surgery, you use that blood vessel.
Law: Oh really? You're a genius, Father.
Lammy: Big brother, let's go to the festival!
Law: No!  I'm studying now.
Lammy: What?! No!  No!  Come on!
Law: Later.
Law's Mom: Law, it's nice that you're interested in your studies, but working too hard is bad for you. Sometimes you need to go out and have fun.
Law: Well you're always working too, Mother.
Lammy: I have an idea! Why don't you come with us too, Mother!
Law's Mom: No, I...
Law's Dad: Yeah.  Why don't you three go?
Law's Mom: All right, but just for half an hour. We have so many patients to take care of.
Lammy: Yeah!
Law's Mom: Law!  Let's go!  To the festival!
Lao G: The White Town was the place everyone longed for.
Baby 5: Oh, I wanna go there!
Lao G: G, for lonGed! But it's gone now.
Baby 5: What?
Lao G: About a century ago, when the White  Lead industry was established... the World Government performed a  geological survey in the country... and so they already knew the truth.
Baby 5: The truth?
Gladius: It was poison.
Baby 5: What?
Gladius: Poison that wasn't harmful unless you dig it up. But if you handle it, it'll decay your body.
Baby 5: Decay?
Lao G: The poison will harm your body just by touching it.
Baby 5: What?!
Gladius: Knowing this, but blinded by the easy fortune to be had, the Government and the royalty  of that country kept it secret. Their citizens kept mining it, knowing nothing.
Baby 5: But that means they would die.
Gladius: Yeah. The terrible part was it only contained traces of poison. Say that the Lead keeps building up in a young person's body. When they have a child, they will actually have a shorter life expectancy. Then when the kid grows up and has their own child... that child's life expectancy is even shorter. Life expectancy grew shorter, generation by generation, until eventually a generation doomed to die before adulthood, just like Law, was born. When the world finally realized that White Lead was poisonous... It was too late.
Lammy: This way!  This way!  Hurry up! Big brother!  Come on!
Law's Mom: Lammy, you don't have to rush like that.
Lammy: What if the festival ends?!
Law: It won't end yet.
Law's Mom: Lammy?
Law: Lammy! What's wrong?  Are you alright?! That's...
Gladius: At some point, people started  to collapse one after another. Grandparents, parents, and then children. Because of the differences in their life expectancies, all generations fell ill around the same time. Their skin and hair rapidly whitened. People died one after another, their entire bodies racked with pain. No doctor could stop it.
Baby 5: Then, all the people in his country died?! Poor them...
Pink: The real tragedy began after that. Seeing the people in the White Town all dying with the same symptoms, people in neighboring countries thought White Lead Disease was contagious. So they formed a blockade around the country and took quarantine measures against the White Town. The royal family got help from the Government and escaped the country at an early stage. They abandoned their subjects. People from the White Town who were looking to be treated and immigrate to other countries... were feared like wild beasts escaping from their cage, and they were shot dead. They swept the whole situation under the rug.
Dude: Dammit!
Pink: The suffering the disease caused was just somebody else's problem. It was a natural human reaction. But Flevance couldn't keep quiet. Ironically, they had tons of lead bullets. Eventually, a war broke out. Other countries justified their actions  as self defense, so they showed no mercy. I'm sure you can imagine the rest.
Nun: Law-kun! Come, you must leave with us. There are gentle soldiers who told us they will let only the children escape!
Children: Law! We'll be safe!
Law: Sister!  My little sister is dying! I can't go now!
Nun: Lammy-chan?! I see... Then, let's ask them to get you  on board the next refugee ship! I'll come back to pick you up!
Children: Law!  Aren't you coming?! Let's escape together! I'm sure they'll save Lammy later, too! Both my mom and dad are dead! But they told me to live! So I'm gonna live no matter what! Law!
Nun: Listen, Law-kun. There is always hope. A merciful helping hand will... always reach out to you, like this.
Randoms: Doctor, help! Doctor!
Doctor: It's impossible!  I can't go there!
Law's Dad: We don't have enough doctors! Same for blood and everything! There must be a way to clear  away White Lead from bodies!
Doctor: And it's not contagious!
Law's Dad: Why doesn't the Government report that?!
Lammy: Big brother, my body hurts. My skin's getting whiter and whiter.
Law: Hang on for a little more. Our father is the greatest doctor in the country. He'll cure you!
Lammy: Why is it so noisy outside?
Law: There's a festival! Flevance is always booming. Get well soon and let's go to a festival together again!
Lammy: Uh-huh!
Soldiers: Look for White Lead Disease patients and kill them!
Law: Lammy, stay in here for a few minutes.
Lammy: Uh-huh...
Soldiers: Two infected people have been terminated!
Law's Dad: Law!
Law's Mom: Law!  Let's go!  To the festival!
Law: Mother! Father!
Soldiers: There's still somebody here! Don't let him get away!  Kill him!
Nun: Listen, Law-kun. There is always hope. A merciful helping hand will... always reach out to you, like this.
Law: Sister! Everybody!
Children: Let's escape together! So I'm gonna live no matter what!
Law: The hospital...! Lammy!
Pink: Flevance, the White Town, perished. In the end, it was done by humans. If a ten-year-old kid went through such an ordeal... there's no way it wouldn't screw up his personality.
Law: There he is!  Corazón! My parents, my sister, and everyone  from the church are all dead... yet that idiot is alive!  It's not fair! They won't know if I keep quiet. Nobody cares... if a scumbag goes missing! Damn!  I was seen!
Buffalo: He... b-broke the... blood law! He deserves impalement -dasuyan! I must inform the young master -dasuyan!
Narrator: Doflamingo was born as one of the Celestial Dragons, rulers of the world. Why did he lose his noble status? As Doflamingo's unimaginable past is revealed, young Law's life will change forever!
