Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo... and were captured along with the rest of the island. Then he put a bounty on twelve people, including Luffy, and now they're being hunted by the citizens. As the Straw Hats furiously fight the Donquixote Family, Luffy and Law have finally begun their battle with Doflamingo at the royal palace!
Luffy: Octopus Stamp!
Narrator: Over the course of the battle, Law's hidden motives came to light.
Law: And I'm still here thanks to Cora-san! I'm grateful... for this power that's gonna bring you down!
Narrator: Law and Doflamingo... The story now goes back in time sixteen years. Knowing his days were numbered,  Law came to join the Donquixote Family. There, he met Corazón, a mute who despised children.
Law: There he is!  Corazón! My parents, my sister, and everyone  from the church are all dead... yet that idiot is alive!  It's not fair! They won't know if I keep quiet. Nobody cares... if a scumbag goes missing!
Title: A Celestial Dragon! Doffy's Checkered Past
Citizen: They're a family of Celestial Dragons! Kill them! They're former Celestial Dragons. The Navy won't interfere, even if we kill them. The admirals won't come, either! I'm so glad I got a chance for revenge! I thought I'd have to bear it silently all my life! Break all their bones with a hammer! Shoot them with a thousand arrows! No!  Don't let them die so easily! Keep them alive and let them suffer long and well! Yeah!  No slap on the wrist! No!  I wanna take my revenge on them now! Listen, you fiends! My sons were only five and two years old... And all they did was cut across the path of the Celestial Dragons... For something so small, they were killed! My enslaved daughter came home looking like she'd been through hell, and she killed herself, without a word, three days later! I was once your slave!  And my eyes... Because of you... Because of you... Give me back my wife! You guys don't give a damn about our lives! Because of the Heavenly Tribute we pay to you fools, my country was destroyed by famine! Have you ever been hungry?! Everyone became skin and bones, and died! So you guys are gods, huh?!   You're different from humans, right? Then, I bet this won't kill you!
Homing: Doffy!
Rocinante: Brother!
Citizen: Dammit! H-How dare you... treat us humans worse than worms! Do you know what it's like to be in pain, grief, agony?! Well, Celestial Dragons?!
Doflamingo: What is it? Law did what? Okay.
Celestial Dragon: Are you insane, Saint Homing?! You, of all people?! You're saying you renounce your status as a god and reduce yourself to a mere human?!
Homing: I am human, and I have always been.
Celestial Dragon: Do you imply we are too?! That's sacrilege! Who do you think we Celestial Dragons are?! Traitor!  You have always been heretical! He's right, traitor!
Homing: It matters not what you think.  Humans are wonderful. It is much more fulfilling to live as a human. That's what I believe.
Celestial Dragon: What did you say?! So savage! Get out of Mariejoa now! We cannot take you farther than here. We're at the north end. A non-member nation of the World Government. Some assets and an adequate house are ready for you there.
Homing: Thank you.  That's all we need.
Celestial Dragon: Now, I'll collect your Celestial Dragon ID chips.
Homing: Let's live a humble life here, all four of us as a family.
Mrs. Donquixote: We need to unpack first.
Doflamingo: Father!  Where are the slaves? Let the slaves put stuff away. If there aren't any, let's go buy some.
Homing: Doffy.  Rocinante. We have to teach you from scratch.
Mrs. Donquixote: You look great, Doffy.
Doflamingo: No! I don't wanna wear these!  I look like a slave!
Homing: Stop.
Doflamingo: No, Father, I don't want them!  I'll stink if I wear these!
Homing: Doffy, we are going to live as humans from now on.
Doflamingo: Humans?
Homing: We'll lead a life far richer than the life in Mariejoa. Not "rich" in the sense that we'll have money and possessions. I mean spiritually.
Citizen: Here are your two apples.
Homing: Excuse me. I would like to purchase some food.
Citizen: Oh?  You don't look familiar.
Homing: Yes.  I moved here from Mariejoa recently. My name is Donquixote Homing.
Citizen: What?! M-Mariejoa... A-Are you a Celestial Dragon?
Homing: I've cast that title aside. From now on, I will be a human. We want to get along with you all.
Doflamingo: Hey! Why don't you kneel before us?! You fools are disrespectful! You just cut across in front of me, didn't you? Somebody, fetch me a pistol! Who do you think I am?!  Hey, you idiots!
Citizen: Where are the Celestial Dragons?! Find them! Hang them up!
Doflamingo: Father, why don't they kneel before us?
Citizen: They're not in here!  They must've run! Find them!  They can't have gone far! Don't kill them!  Keep them alive, and let them suffer! Yeah! We will take revenge on that family for centuries of injustice! Yeah! Wait! Don't let them get away!
Homing & Mrs. Donquixote: Doffy!
Doflamingo: Father!  Why do they come after us?!
Homing: We should be thankful to be out of the rain here at least. People around here haven't heard about us yet. Let's stay here for a while.
Doflamingo: No way! How can I live in such a filthy place?! There are bugs inside the house!  The smell here makes me sick!
Citizen: Find the family! They should still be around here! Kill them as soon as you find them!
Homing: We must run!  Now! I never imagined it would turn out this bad. I was too optimistic.  Please!  I'll do anything! Would you please let us go back to Mariejoa?  At least take back my wife and children! If we stay here, we'll be killed!
Celestial Dragon: That was your own choosing. You cannot take back what you gave up. Don't ever call me again!   You're no more than a human!
Homing: W-Wait!  I beg you!
Citizen: You bread thieves!
Doflamingo: Father!  For the first time in my life, I feel pain! Father! For the first time in my life, I'm hungry! Eat fast, Rocy! Somebody's gonna come! Mother, we brought you some food.
Mrs. Donquixote: Doffy.  Rocy.
Doflamingo & Rocinante: Mother!
Mrs. Donquixote: I'm sorry... I don't... feel very well...
Doflamingo: Father... Mother is dead!
Citizen: We got them!
Homing: Please, you can have me, but let my children go! Please!  I'm begging you!
Doflamingo: Father! Damn you! Look at what you've done!
Giolla: Young master, we've caught Law! Looks like he was thinking of escaping.
Law: Dammit!  Let go of me!
Machvise: He was already at the port -in.
Buffalo: They'll start torturing him for stabbing Cora-san -dasuyan!
Baby 5: I feel so sorry for Law...
Law: Corazón! Damn!  He didn't die! I'm gonna get done in for nothing?! I shut Buffalo's mouth by buying him an ice cream, but that guy told him himself! I'm sure the blade went through his body! How can he act like he's fine?!
Doflamingo: Law... I called you in for just one thing. I've decided to make you an official member of the Donquixote Family.
Machvise: The Family -in!
Doflamingo: Because you went through such a horrible experience, you developed that incomparable, hateful look in your eyes. You have what it takes.
Giolla: He sees potential in your future! The young master is a visionary.
Law: Doesn't he know what I did to Corazón yet? Why?  He can tell him in writing. What is he up to? Even if he sees potential in me, I'll die in three years anyway!
Doflamingo: That depends on your luck!
Law: Luck?
Doflamingo: We deal mainly in the black market. We handle Devil Fruits, as well. Some Devil Fruits give powers that defy common sense. There might be a Fruit that could cure your disease.
Law: Devil Fruits?
Doflamingo: If you're lucky, your life could be saved by a Devil Fruit we come across in the three years you have left. I will train you to become my right-hand man ten years from now. What's wrong? You were attacked? Did you take care of him? That's good, then.  Now go have your wounds treated.
Law: Did he just... cover up for me? What is he playing at?!
Doflamingo: We'll keep moving our base of operations toward Reverse Mountain in the southeast... and expand our business.
Baby 5: We told you our real names!
Law: So what?  I'm not interested!
Baby 5: You're so uncool!  No fun!
Law: Fun or not, I'll die anyway.
Baby 5: You have quite a lot of white parts now.
Law: I don't know if I'll survive another year. I may die sooner than I calculated.
Buffalo: That aside, if you have a real name, tell us -dasuyan! Or I'll tell the young master you stabbed Cora-san two years ago!
Baby 5: Yeah, we will!
Law: Trafalgar D. Water Law.
Baby 5 & Buffalo: Huh?
Law: I'm supposed to keep that name secret. But since I don't go by a codename like you two, it doesn't really matter. "D." is a secret name, and "Water" is taboo... For generations, my family-
Baby 5: What a boring name.
Buffalo: Yeah -dasuyan.
Law: You're the ones who kept nagging me about it! H-Hey, let go of me! What the... Corazón!  What do you want?!  Hey!
Baby 5: Oh, he's gonna get beaten again.
Buffalo: Cora-san looked scarier than usual.
Law: What do you want, Corazón?!  Do you wanna fight?! What are you doing?!  Bring it on!
Corazón: Was that true, what you just said?
Law: Eh? Huh?  Wha?  Who's there?!
Corazón: The secret name "D."... If it's true, you need to get out of here. Get away from Doffy! Law!  You have to stay far away from him!
Narrator: As Law's moment of death approaches, he and Corazón set off on a journey to look for a cure for his disease. After the long, painful journey, Corazón starts pouring out his heart in tears, and a strong bond is born between the two!
