Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. As the Straw Hats furiously fight the Donquixote Family, Luffy and Law have finally begun their battle with Doflamingo at the royal palace! Over the course of the battle, Law's hidden motives came to light. Law, Doflamingo, and his brother Corazón. The story now goes back in time sixteen years.
Law: Trafalgar D. Water Law. "D" is a secret name, and "Water" is taboo... For generations, my family- Hey, let go of me! What the... Corazón!  What do you want?!
Corazón: Was that true, what you just said? The secret name "D"... If it's true, you need to get out of here. Get away from Doffy! Law!  You have to stay far away from him!
Title: A Rocky Road Law and Corazón's Journey of Life
Law: Wh- Why?!  And since when can you talk?!
Corazón: Since always.
Law: So you've been... fooling Doflamingo all this time?!
Corazón: I never claimed that I'd become a mute. He just assumed so.
Law: That's the same as fooling him! What are you thinking?!
Corazón: Hey now... Silent!
Law: Huh? Huh?  The noise in the streets is... The noise in the streets is gone! Why?! I can see people talking, but I can't hear anything!
Corazón: I put up a wall because you were being noisy. A sound-proof wall. You can't hear sound from out there, right? They can't hear us, either. The wall is invisible. I ate the Nagi Nagi Fruit.  I'm a soundless man.
Law: A Devil Fruit user?! What... What the hell?!  Everything about you is a lie! So does that mean? Your idiotic clumsiness...
Corazón: Yeah, of course. It's all acting.
Law: Don't lie!  Your shoulder's on fire!
Corazón: I've always been clumsy. There's nothing for it, I'm just a klutz.
Law: Shut up!  The most unbelievable part about you is the only thing that's real?! Why are you hiding all this from your friends?!
Corazón: I don't consider them my friends. What I'm trying to do is stop my big brother Doffy from going out of control. I don't know how that beast was born from our warm-hearted parents. He's... inhuman. Help!
Homing: My children have done nothing wrong!  Aim your arrows at me instead! Please!  Don't harm my children!
Corazón: It hurts, Father!  I can't take it anymore!
Doflamingo: I'll get even... I'll get even with you bastards!
Corazón: Brother...
Doflamingo: I won't die! I'm gonna survive, no matter what you do to me, and I will... I will come back and murder every single one of you jerks!
Corazón: He's evil by nature, and he doesn't fear anything. The only people who know how brutal Doffy truly is... are the four commanders, including myself, and Vergo, the previous Corazón.
Law: Vergo?
Corazón: A strong member of the Family, who's currently working alone on a secret mission of some sort. The details of the mission were kept secret from even the Family. He has nothing to do with you. Anyway... Don't become a beast like my brother! Get outta here, Law!
Law: No way!  I want to be like that!
Corazón: The secret name "D"...  It's no mistake. You're a part of that fated family - the Family of D. Back in my homeland, children are disciplined with stories... "A misbehaving child will be eaten up by D." People with the name "D" often end up becoming infamous. Old people will frown and mutter... "D is sure to cause another storm."
Law: What are you saying?!  Am I some kind of monster?
Corazón: Maybe. Nobody knows the real reason behind it, but that name has been ceaselessly and secretly inherited throughout history all across the world. And in a certain land, there are people who call the Family of "D"... "the sworn enemy of the gods"!
Law: Gods?!
Corazón: Assuming that "gods" refers to the Celestial Dragons, your family's goal might be the destruction of this world. But it's an entirely different kind of destruction from what Doffy wants. Ds must have an ideal opposed to that of the gods.
Law: I don't know what you're talking about! I joined the Family to kill every single person as violently as possible! I'm not your subordinate!   I'm Doflamingo's subordinate! I'm gonna die in a year!   What am I to do if I get out of here?!
Corazón: Get out of here and look for a cure!
Law: There is none! I'm gonna tell Doflamingo that you can talk,  and about your ability and everything!
Corazón: Don't do it!
Law: You've got much worse than banishment coming!
Corazón: Damn brat!
Law: I've become stronger in the last two years! Serves you right!
Buffalo: Hey, Law!  You broke the blood law again!
Baby 5: Hey, I saw your mouths moving... What were you doing?
Law: I'll buy you an ice cream, so keep quiet.
Buffalo: I want the king size that costs 500 beli -dasuyan!
Law: Baby 5, lend me some money.
Baby 5: What?!  O-Okay! Blush!  He needs me!
Corazón: Is this it?! Dammit! I trusted that little brat and told him everything! I don't think Doffy's back yet today. I'll just pack up my stuff and take off before he comes back.
Doflamingo: Corazón!
Corazón: What?! No!  Why is he back already?!
Doflamingo: You're back. We gotta set sail!  It's Tsuru from Navy HQ again! The Navy has found us! Hurry up!
Corazón: He... hasn't told him yet?
Law: I decided not to tell him. I realized... I owe you for keeping quiet about me stabbing you two years ago. We're even now.
Doflamingo: Corazón!  Hurry up! Corazón!
Sail: Sail: Tsuru
Diamante: Corazón! Corazón! Where are Corazón and Law?
Gladius: I saw them on board.  Aren't they here?
Doflamingo: What's going on?
Pink: Young master!  I found this in Corazón's hammock.
Letter: I've  left  to cure Law's disease
Pink: They packed their things and left, it seems.
Letter: I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease
Doflamingo: What is he thinking?!
Letter: I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease I've  left  to cure Law's disease
Law: This is kidnapping! Untie me!  Hey! Corazón, I'll make you pay for this! Say something!  Hey! Hey, pick up the Snail Phone! Isn't it Doflamingo?!  I'll talk!  Pick it up! I said pick it up!  Pick it up! Doflamingo!  Help! What are you gonna do to me?! Hey! Are you calling Doflamingo?! Hey!  Help me!
Sengoku: "Rice crackers".
Corazón: "Rice-cracker pellets".  It's me.
Sengoku: Oh, Rocinante?
Corazón: I'm taking leave from my mission for a while.
Sign: Sign: Navy
Sengoku: REIGNING JUSTICE Are you in trouble?
Corazón: No, it's personal.
Sengoku: Okay, got it. How are the kids? Are they still there despite you giving them a hard time?
Corazón: I don't think those three will leave...
Sengoku: The Family's become quite infamous now.  Be careful.
Corazón: Yes, Sir.
Sengoku: I entrust this case to you, so do as you wish. Keep me updated.
Corazón: Roger that.  I'll send you the details in writing.
Marine: Admiral Sengoku!
Chair: Buddha
Marine: The man requesting transfer, who I mentioned the other day, is here.
Sengoku: Alright.  Come in. So it's you. I've been hearing about you. I hear you've done a lot of important work in the past year since you officially joined. So you want to transfer to G-5, huh? First of all, I want to ask you about the sunny-side up egg on your left cheek...
Vergo: Yes, Sir!  My name is Vergo, Sir!
Law: Where were you calling just now?! You said "mission"!  Are you a marine or something?!
Corazón: You don't like marines?
Law: People tied to the Government make me sick!
Corazón: I'm not a marine.
Law: Really?! Hey!  Let go of me, Corazón! Hey!  I don't wanna go to the hospital!
Corazón: Stop acting like some normal kid! I'm gonna cure your disease! I'm gonna take you to every single hospital! Look!  It's a big hospital!  I'm sure they can cure you!
Doctor: Wh... White Lead Disease?!
Corazón: It's been around for a while now. Don't you have a good medicine for it, Doc?
Doctor: E-E-Excuse me, but where are you from?
Law: Flevance.
Doctor: The White Town! No!  I'm gonna get infected! H-Hey!  Bring me antiseptic and gloves and a gas mask now! And call security and the Government!  Hurry up! No!  Nooo!
Law: Forget it!
Corazón: Law!
Law: See?!  I'm not even a human anymore!
Doctor: White monster!  Please leave!  I beg you! Hey, you!  How dare you bring a kid like that here?! Do you realize how many patients we have?!
Voice: This is an emergency announcement. We have a child with  White Lead Disease in the hospital.
Doctor: That big guy's violent!
Voice: We are now sterilizing the entire building.
Corazón: That was the worst hospital ever! My bad.  That must have brought back painful memories.
Law: I told you so!  I don't wanna go to a hospital!
Corazón: That one was terrible... But I'm sure there'll be a good doctor in the next one!
Law: I don't wanna go!
Doctor: White Lead Disease!  No!  Somebody, help!
Corazón: It's a survivor from the White Town! Let's go to the next!  You'll get cured in the next one!
Law: Enough!  I don't wanna go!
Doctor: Hello?!  World Government?! We have a survivor from Flevance here! Why didn't you kill all of them?!
Corazón: You assholes! Look, Law!  People in this town look kind!
Law: No!
Doctor: Ugh!  I'm gonna get infected!  Go away!
Corazón: How dare you call yourself a doctor?! Screw you!
Voice: Eight hospitals were damaged.
Soldier: Which way did those two go?!
Voice: The boy with the disease is...
Law: Corazón, I'm not getting better at all... You're just making it worse for me!
Corazón: Stop whining!  You'll get cured in the next one! It's either find the cure or death!   Your life is on the line now! Stay strong!
Soldier: White Lead Disease!
Doctor: Close the hospital!  They're gonna come in!
Corazón: I'm gonna kill all y'all!
Law: No, Corazón! Corazón!
Corazón: What am I doing? I've been making the kid from that tragic town relive the tragedy over and over... And he hasn't gotten any better... Am I doing it for "D"? No... I don't care about that anymore. I just... I just feel real bad for him... Law! I'm sure you don't want... this idiot who just keeps hurting you... to say something like this but... You're still a rude little boy... and hearing you say "I'll die soon" is... heartbreaking. You... stabbed me... that day, but... it didn't hurt at all! I know you were the one who was in pain! You poor thing! Law!
Law: Cora-san... Hey, Cora-san! Breakfast is ready. What's wrong with your face?!
Corazón: Y-You just called me Cora-san...
Law: Shut up and eat breakfast! Cora-san... Cora-san, I'll never forget the tears you shed for me!
Bellamy: Stop!  Don't do this!
Luffy: Bellamy!
Doflamingo: Seems this is the end for you. It's over, Straw Hat! Die!
Narrator: Law's time is quickly running out. Corazón plans to steal the Ope Ope Fruit,  which would make him an enemy to everyone, in order to save Law and live together with him. On the fateful Minion Island,  Corazón's life-risking fight now begins!
