Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo... and were captured along with the rest of the island inside the bird cage. Corazón took Law with him and left, spending six months going to various hospitals to cure his White Lead Disease.
Law: What are you gonna do to me?! Hey!
Corazón: You're still a rude little boy... and hearing you say "I'll die soon" is... heartbreaking. You... stabbed me... that day, but... it didn't hurt at all! I know you were the one who was in pain! You poor thing! Law!
Doflamingo: Seems this is the end for you. It's over, Straw Hat! Die!
Title: The Time Draws Near! Seize the Ope Ope Fruit!
Luffy: It didn't cut them.
Doflamingo: Too bad for you.
Luffy: Traf! I can't waste any more time!
Doflamingo: What will you do then?
Luffy: If swords can't cut them, maybe this will! Now it's my turn!
Law: Hey, Cora-san!  Cora-san!
Corazón: I like how it sounds.  Call me again!
Law: Cut it out!
Corazón: Don't be shy!
Law: Just pick up the Snail Phone already!
Doflamingo: It's me, Corazón. Corazón, you're there, aren't you? It's been six months since you two left. Is Law with you?
Law: Doflamingo!
Doflamingo: I see.  I'm glad both of you are fine. Have you found a good doctor? I thought not. Bring Law back to the ship. We might be able to cure the disease. I received information about the Ope Ope Fruit. The Navy offered a huge sum of cash in a tradeoff with some pirates... who are too stupid to know its real value, it seems. The Government must be pulling strings behind the scenes. It's risky, but we'll seize it. Due to the nature of its power, once we have it... The person I trust the most should eat it. You eat it, Corazón. And cure Law's disease. What do you guys think? Even including Tsuru who often smelled us out, found us, and came after us, the Navy hasn't showed their face at all in the past six months. The same six months that Corazón has been away.
Diamante: Are you saying that he was  tipping the Navy off before? It could be just a coincidence.
Doflamingo: I hope so.  I don't want to distrust him... He's my brother, after all.
Corazón: Good news!  Law! You have a chance to survive!  Forget about the doctors! If we can get the Ope Ope Fruit,  we'd be able to cure your White Lead Disease!
Law: What's the Ope Ope Fruit?
Corazón: It gives you the ability to modify human bodies! You can perform miraculous operations and cure unknown diseases with it!
Law: I don't believe in magic.
Corazón: No!  It's not magic!  You need medical knowledge! I know that you're the son of a doctor who was trusted by the people of Flevance! Ever since you learned to read, you were learning about medicine and surgical techniques, weren't you?!
Law: Yeah but... what does that have to do with this?
Corazón: So, it's perfect for you!
Law: Me?!  Doflamingo said you should eat it!
Corazón: A person will die if he eats two Devil Fruits. Doffy said that because he doesn't know that I'm a Devil Fruit user. Neither of us is ever going back to the Family! I decided that after realizing that this journey would be a long one. Doffy probably knows that I'm a traitor by now.
Law: But he didn't seem suspicious.  He said you should eat it...
Corazón: There is another reason for Doffy to say he wants me to eat the Ope Ope Fruit! Doffy... Because I'm loyal, you're looking to have eternal life in exchange for my life, aren't you? I'll be killed if I go back! Listen, we'll get a jump on Doffy and the others and steal the Ope Ope Fruit! You eat the Fruit! Once you're cured, we'll run away somewhere! Prepare to set sail!   We'll get the Ope Ope Fruit at any cost!
Sengoku: "Rice crackers"!
Corazón: "Rice-cracker pellets".  It's me.
Sengoku: Rocinante!  It's been a while.  I've been worried about you! Hey, Garp!  Mind leaving for a sec?!
Garp: What?!  I just brought you crackers!   Put some tea on for me!
Corazón: Vice Admiral Garp... Should I call you later instead, Sengoku-san?
Sengoku: Get out!  Idiot!  I gotta work!  W-O-R-K!
Garp: Humph!  How dare that Sengoku treat me like a nuisance! Oh, Kuzan!   Do you wanna snack on some crackers with me?
Corazón: Um... Can I talk?
Sengoku: Yeah, sorry.  Go ahead.
Corazón: Is it true that you've made a deal for the Ope Ope Fruit?
Sengoku: H-How did you know?!
Corazón: My brother has found out.
Sengoku: What?!  But it's top secret!
Law: Cora-san must be talking to...
Corazón: I wanna know those pirates' activities.
Sengoku: I don't think we can find them before the trade...
Corazón: Even if Doflamingo is looking to steal the Ope Ope Fruit before the trade?
Sengoku: He is?!
Law: Oh?  Hm? I feel kind of dizzy...
Corazón: When and where will the trade be?
Sengoku: Three weeks from now, at Rubeck in North Blue.
Corazón: Rubeck... Doffy wants me to meet up with him and the others at  Swallow Island three days before the trade.
Sengoku: Three days before, huh? So I guess all of the Family members will be there, ready for battle. That's a good tip. That'll be it for Doflamingo!   We'll wait for him at Swallow Island... and ambush him, catching the entire Donquixote Family in one fell swoop! You stay away from the island!
Corazón: I was planning on it. The list of all Doffy's business partners and the  big shots connected with him behind the scenes... I'll give it to you sometime soon. I think it'll be more than enough for you to uncover the dark side of North Blue.
Sengoku: Okay.  Thank you.
Corazón: Hey, Law.  Are you ready? We gotta sail out... Law! Hey!  Wait!  You gotta be kidding!  Stay with me! Not now!  We finally have a chance! It's not been three years yet! I thought you still had time left according to your calculation! Oh no!  He has a very high fever!  What should I do?! Doctors are all useless! Oh yeah!  I should at least give him some water! Dammit!  What am I supposed to do?!  Tell me, Law! Please make it! Stay alive for another three weeks! Give me a chance! Dammit!  Why does it have to be so choppy now?!
Law: Cora-san...
Corazón: Huh?  What's wrong, Law?!
Law: The Government knew that we would die... but they kept making us dig up White Lead, for money! My family... and the people of Flevance... The Government killed them! So if you're a marine allied with them, tell me the truth.
Corazón: That's absurd!  I'm not a marine!
Law: Good!
Corazón: In fact... You need to realize... Stealing the Ope Ope Fruit means... we'll make enemies of everybody... Doflamingo, the Navy, and the Government! We'll be chased by all of them! You better be prepared to fight for survival! Have you found the pirates, Sengoku-san?
Sengoku: Yeah. East of Rubeck where we're making the deal... Minion Island's there, with a ghost town. Looks like that's where their hideout is. Diez Barrels is the pirate's name.  Sounds familiar?
Corazón: Yeah, he's a former Navy officer...
Sengoku: That's right. Our scout-ship is staking out Minion Island now.
Corazón: It's all as Sengoku-san said.
Sengoku: Meanwhile, at Swallow Island where you and Doflamingo were going to meet up, there are two warships.
Corazón: I don't think anyone can see here...
Sengoku: I won't let Doflamingo steal the Ope Ope Fruit!
Corazón: Law, it won't be long.  Wait here...
Pirate: Dray!  Booze!  Bring more booze!
Drake: Right away.
Diez Barrels: How much do you think this one fruit would cost? They offered five billion!
Pirate: How ridiculous!  Did the Government go nuts?! Once we got that much money,  there's no reason for us to be pirates! Right, right!
Diez Barrels: It may sound too simple but... once a doctor eats this, he'll become a famous doctor in great demand all over the world. There was a legendary doctor who ate this and cured intractable or rare diseases... by performing miraculous operations, they say. But it has nothing to do with us!
Pirate: Yeah, getting money is way better! That's right!
Corazón: Look at this, Law! This trick makes everything I touch completely soundless! Calm!
Law: That face... That gaze... Stinks!
Corazón: See?  You heard nothing, right?!
Law: What is that ability good for?! It's not even cool! Buki: Weapon Baby 5's Buki Buki is much better than that!
Corazón: D-Damn!  You're right!  I wish I had that power! But no one can have a peaceful rest like me...
Law: Whatever!
Diez Barrels: What was that quake?!
Pirate: Captain!  Th-There wasn't any noise but the compound's exploded!
Diez Barrels: What?!  That can't be happening!
Pirate: The treasury is on fire!
Diez Barrels: Put out the fire now! What's going on?! Is there an invader?!
Pirate: The lights went out! Pieces of glass are falling onto us! The lamps!  The lamps are broken!
Diez Barrels: Somebody!  Somebody put on a light...
Pirate: Hurry up and put on a light! Somebody's here! What the... Was this his doing?!
Corazón: I got it, Law!  It's the Ope Ope Fruit! Your disease will be cured!
Pirate: What the...?! Who's this?!  He freaked me out! Where did he tumble down from? Hey!  A guy in a dark coat stole the Ope Ope Fruit! Don't let him get away! A guy in a dark coat?! It's him!
Corazón: Law, I can't take you with me from here. I know it's hard but... wait here for a while. I'll be back in no time. With the Ope Ope Fruit!
Narrator: Corazón seized the Ope Ope Fruit. But when he reaches Law,  his body has already exceeded its limit. To save Corazón, Law desperately looks for help, but when a certain marine shows up in front of him, the wheel of fortune begins to spin out of control!
