Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo... and were captured along with the rest of the island inside the bird cage. As the Straw Hats furiously fight the Donquixote Family, Luffy and Law have finally begun their battle with Doflamingo at the royal palace! Law, Doflamingo, and his brother Corazón. The story now goes back in time sixteen years. Having a very short time to live, Law joined the Donquixote Family, and with Corazón's help, he managed  to eat the Ope Ope Fruit, however...
Corazón: Not yet... I'm gonna stay alive a little longer... Because if I die now, the spell I cast on you will be broken instantly... Your voice, and any noise you make... will echo across the island. Go, Law... quietly... without being noticed... far, far away... There is nothing to bind you down anymore... whether it's the iron border of the White Town... or a terminal illness... Nothing and no one will limit you. You are... free.
Title: To Freedom! Law's Injection Shot Unleashed
Doflamingo: What's the matter?  Is that it? You were just playing into my hands after all! You can't get away from me!
Law: I came to see you... of my own free will!
Doflamingo: "Will"?
Law: I told you! I'm here to settle things from thirteen years ago! To attain my friend's long-cherished wish!
Doflamingo: That's what I meant when I said you were just playing into my hands, Law! What you call your own will or your freedom... They're all mine!
Law: Shut up! Cora-san.
Corazón: There is nothing he can gain from you, a veritable child of destruction! Leave him alone! He's free!
Law: I won't truly become free... until I fulfill your dream! Room! Not until I stop Doflamingo!
Luffy: Here I go, Fake Mingo! Gomu Gomu no...
Doflamingo: Pentachromatic Strings! Bullet String!
Luffy: Dammit! Gomu Gomu no Jet...
Bellamy: Stop it, please!
Luffy: Release Bellamy already! You bastard! Color of Arms: Hardening!
Law: What do you think of Monkey D. Luffy?! I didn't know that you were... a Celestial Dragon until today! Shambles! What do you make of "D"?!
Doflamingo: That's... none of your concern! So what?  Are you saying Straw Hat Luffy was led here by destiny... to kill me, since I have the blood of the gods in my veins?! How idiotic!
Corazón: And in a certain land, there are people who call the Family of "D"... "the sworn enemy of the gods"!
Law: I'm a "D" too!
Riku: How are the battles going, Viola?
Viola: In the decisive battle on the top floor of the Palace, Straw Hat has been thrown down to the lower level, and Law cannot measure up against Doflamingo. The fighting in this country can be divided into three major fronts. The Royal Palace Grounds. The statue of Pica. The Smile Factory.
Citizen: Put out the fire! Don't do it!
Marine: Restrain anyone running wild!
Viola: As long as the fighting continues, the number of victims will keep rising.
Usopp: V-Viola. How many commanders of the Donquixote Family are left?
Viola: There are still quite a few left. One of the major battlefronts, the Smile Factory, is protected by one of the commanders, the free-swimming man, Señor Pink! In the second battlefront, the statue of Pica, there is the top commander, the stone assimilation man, Pica! And the third front, the Royal Palace Grounds. On its top floor, there are... the current king of Dress Rosa, the string man, Doflamingo! And chief of staff, the mucus man, Trébol! In the Sunflower Field on the fourth level, there's the hero of the Colosseum, the flag man, Diamante! And on the third level, there's the rupture man in charge of all the underlings, Gladius! There are four commanders on the second level. The Fighting Fish half-fishman, Dellinger! The Geo-Fist user, Lao G! The super-weight man, Machvise! The full-body weapon woman, Baby 5! There are still ten who are ranked commander and higher.
Señor: What a nice breeze.
Franky: Don't tell me you... The breeze is clouding my eyes.
Fan Girls: Oh!  So hard-boiled!
Viola: In most of the battles, everyone's heavily injured! The climax of the fighting is... not too far away!
Doflamingo: There is no escape. Pentachromatic Strings! Hey! Just attack already!
Rebecca: Father!
Diamante: You insolent little... Army Bandera!
Rebecca: The ground is...
Diamante: How do you like it?! The ground ripples like a flag! Looks like you're struggling just to stay upright!
Robin: Clutch! Rebecca. I let her go on her own, but is she okay? It's a battlefield of monsters up there.
Bartolomeo: Keep moving, Robin-senpai! I know how you feel. Leave this place in my hands.
Robin: Rooster-kun!
Bartolomeo: Now, go on!
Robin: Yes. Pierna Fleur!
Bartolomeo: What an honor. I'm protecting Robin-senpai! I'm like the Straw Hats fighting at Enies Lobby! Just kidding!  How presumptuous of me! My bad!
Cavendish: Honestly!  Your attacks are putting me to sleep! Get ready, Gladius!
Ideo: Destructive Cannon!
Dellinger: Missed me!
Machvise: Ten-Ton... Vise!
Sai: I'll penetrate... right into your heart!
Baby 5: I was right! You just... did it again!
Lao G: Lao G!
Leo: We're on our way! Princess Mansherry!
Zoro: Three-Sword Style! 108-Pound Cannon! That bastard.  He keeps running away!
Citizen: Run! The building's gonna collapse!
Sabo: Fire Fist! Are you okay?
Citizen: Yes.  Thank you very much! Hey mister, thank you!
Sabo: Hurry, get to somewhere safe!
Citizens: Okay!
Sabo: Although nowhere is safe.
Viola: The climax of the fighting is... not too far away! However, even if they manage to defeat all the commanders, if they can't take down Doflamingo, we will all meet our end within this bird cage.
Citizen: Are you saying we must leave the fate  of this country to those pirates?!
Doflamingo: You're a "D"?! Your secret name?! Do you mean to say you were destined to be here?!
Trébol: I reassembled!
Doflamingo: You think you can stop me because you're a "D"?! The Family of "D" is the sworn enemy of the gods?! That's just a superstition!
Trébol: Whoa-whoa, Doffy, watch out! You're within range of Law's power!
Law: Injection... Shot! Cora-san was fully aware of that. If I could defeat you with just my name, it would've been so easy. That was the catalyst.
Doflamingo: I know you can't shoot me... You're too much like our father!
Law: I'm here...
Corazón: I love you!
Law: ...because the kindhearted Cora-san couldn't pull the trigger that day! I'm here to pull it on his behalf!
Narrator: With his passion for the memory of the late Cora-san, Law keeps launching attacks with his emotions laid bare. However, when Doflamingo, on the receiving end of those fierce attacks, puts a fearless smile on his face, a horrendous counterattack pushes Law into an abyss of despair!
