Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo and were captured along with the rest of the island. As the Straw Hats furiously fight the Donquixote Family, Luffy and Law have finally begun their battle with Doflamingo at the royal palace!
Bellamy: I know I'm an idiot... but even an idiot has principles he must stick to! Straw Hat, this'll be my last fight! Now fight me!
Trébol: Beto Launcher! He's still alive. Hey, hey, hey, Law.   Why don't you just accept defeat already?
Doflamingo: Get some rest, Law.
Cavendish: I'm quite close to absolute victory... Now, fight me, Gladius!
Gladius: Don't push your luck.
Cavendish: What the...
Grunt: No!  Gladius-sama, you can't!
Cavendish: The whole ground is inflating!
Gladius: You know what'll happen, don't you?
Cavendish: You were preparing for this?
Grunt: Watch out! Run!
Cavendish: Hey, Bartolomeo!  Everything's gonna blow! Let me inside your barrier!
Bartolomeo: No way!
Cavendish: What?!
Bartolomeo: If I open it, Robin-senpai and I'll be in danger, and our enemies will come inside as well!
Cavendish: No, open it!  I'm on your side!
Grunt: Gladius-sama!  We'll be caught up in it, too...
Gladius: It'll be fine.  You guys are elite, right?
Grunt: Wha?!
Cavendish: Open up!
Gladius: Punc Rock... Festival!
Title: Surging Hurricane Hakuba VS Dellinger
Gladius: Goodbye, Cavendish.
Bartolomeo: If I'd been outside right now, I'd be a dead man.
Cavendish: You ingrate! Why'd you wait so long to let me in?! I thought I was gonna die!
Bartolomeo: What's wrong with you?! That's no way to talk to the guy who just saved your life!
Cavendish: I was covering you before that!  Now we're even.
Bartolomeo: What?!
Cavendish: I've had enough!  I'm going to attack them! Let me out!
Bartolomeo: What?! I just let you in, and now you want out?! Since you came in, why don't you stay for a while, you selfish fool?!
Cavendish: Is this an inn?! Offense must come after defense!   That's how it should be!
Bartolomeo: I won't let you in next time!
Cavendish: Let me in again when I'm in danger!  You're so unreasonable! I'll get you for this later!
Bartolomeo: Why should I put up a barrier for you?! Oh yeah, Robin-senpai! Oh, great!  She's alright!
Robin: I'll be there, Rebecca!  Stay safe!
Gladius: Nico Robin, you cumbersome woman! I won't let you get in the way of the top commanders anymore! Catapult Punc!
Bartolomeo: Bari-ability: Racket! I, on the other hand, won't let you get in Robin-senpai's way!
Gladius: He's still alive?!
Bartolomeo: Advance!  Robin-senpai! Go, go!
Robin: Rooster-kun! Thank you!
Bartolomeo: S-She made an eye gesture, a.k.a. a wink! I'm so grateful! Did it mean, "Good job, Rooster-kun!  You can become my slave if you want"?! No no, you're being too presumptuous, Bartolomeo!  You're asking for too much! But! I'm getting real fired up!
Gladius: Cavendish, you were in the barrier, too?!
Cavendish: Too bad, Gladius! Blade of Beauty: Blue...
Gladius: Bracchium...
Grunt: Gladius-sama!
Cavendish & Gladius: Bartolomeo!
Bartolomeo: Barrier Bulls!
Grunt: The barrier is charging at us!
Bartolomeo: Robin-senpai!  To a man, your eye gesture is worth risking his life!
Cavendish: Stop, Bartolomeo!  Can't you see I'm here?!
Bartolomeo: Sorry, Cabbage!  But there's a reason I can't stop!
Cavendish: And that is?!
Bartolomeo: I'm... so fired up! I'm... so fired up!
Cavendish: I don't care!
Bartolomeo: Getting more and more fired up, and I'm running out of control!
Cavendish: What are you talking about, you fool?!  Stop now!
Bartolomeo: No can do!
Gladius: Dellinger! Haven't you cleaned up the second level yet?!
Dellinger: Gladius!  What are you doing? It'll be over here soon!
Gladius: Come and help on the third level! Nico Robin is trying to make her way up! My hands are full with these two idiots!
Dellinger: Roger!  Sounds like fun!
Ideo: Didn't I tell you... to pay attention?!
Dellinger: Boy, you're so persistent, you Longhand! I did think those protrusions on your shoulders were weird. You got a hole in your damn stomach! So why don't you drop dead already, Martial Arts Champion?
Ideo: I can't do that! You gotta have a sense of duty and obligation in a man's world! I must fight for the sake of those who have already fallen!
Dellinger: That's so not you. Cut the crap! What's happened to you all of a sudden? This won't do.  You're so persistent. If you played dead or something, I would've spared your life. How will staying on your feet help?!
Ideo: Maybe I can buy some time. We've gotta keep you guys from getting in Straw Hat's way... so that he can defeat Doflamingo! We'll do it together! There's no such thing as victory attained by one person alone, kid!
Dellinger: So you guys are trying to attain victory by sacrificing your lives. That's how vermin act! The strong don't heed obligations! I'm no ordinary human, either. Don't underestimate my Fighting Fish lineage! Gladius!  I'm here! Where are you? Gladius!
Gladius: Dellinger, stay on the lower level! It's dangerous here! We have one wild enemy!
Dellinger: That doesn't sound like you! Gladius, nobody can oppose us when we fight together-
Gladius: Dellinger! Dellinger!
Dellinger: What... What the hell is this? Wh-What's going on?! Wh... Who are you? Are you...
Gladius: Damn!  Dellinger...
Bartolomeo: What the... What just happened?! That brat with horns and all the other enemy soldiers... He took 'em all down. There's this kinda scary guy on the other side of the barrier! Wh-Who's that? He looks like Cabbage, but his face is totally different. This is exactly the same thing that happened in the Block D match at the Colosseum.
Announcer: Oh my, everyone's gone down!
Bartolomeo: That was this guy's doing? Those clothes are undoubtedly Cavendish's. But the face looks undoubtedly like somebody else-dish. So what kinda-vendish is he? T-That scared me! He was so fast, I couldn't see him! Who the hell are you?! Hey!  Aren't you Cabbage? Serves you right! You can't cut my barrier with a sword! That's too bad, huh?!  Huh?! Well, no matter how fast you can move, it's useless against my ability! See, look!  When I'm crossing my fingers like this, nobody can get inside! No!  There's a hole! What the hell're you thinking?! What's happened to you?!   If you take this joke too far... Hey!  Who did you just glance at?! Don't do anything stupid!  Hey!  Hey! Don't! Don't go after Robin-senpai! Oh!  Robin-senpai! I'm relieved!  I'm so relieved!
Robin: It's no use. Your speed is useless against me. Your face has become quite ugly. Cabbage-kun, did you want something from me?
Narrator: Falling into the massive trap that Gladius, the rupture man, set up, Robin faces a disaster she can't escape. To save his idol from mortal danger, The gravely injured Bartolomeo unleashes an attack that might just spell his own end!
