Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo and were captured along with the rest of the island inside the bird cage. As the Straw Hats furiously fight the Donquixote Family, Luffy and Law have finally begun their battle with Doflamingo at the royal palace!
Dellinger: The strong don't heed obligations! Don't underestimate my Fighting Fish lineage!
Bartolomeo: There's this kinda scary guy on the other side of the barrier!
Robin: It's no use. Your speed is useless against me. Your face has become quite ugly. Cabbage-kun, did you want something from me?
Title: Bari Bari The Divine Homage Fist Unleashed!
Robin: I'm worried about Rebecca, so I must hurry to the top.
Bartolomeo: Wow!  Cool!  She stopped him! Dobid-sedbai! I knew it was too audacious of a weakling like me to try to protect you!
Robin: Seems like you're not gonna stay quiet.
Cavendish: Wait, Hakuba! I didn't give you permission to come out! I'm sorry, Nico Robin. I almost cut you.
Robin: So that was this "Hakuba" I've heard about. Your other personality...
Cavendish: That's right... He's bad news. He kills indiscrimi-
Hakuba: Your hands and feet... I'll chop them and what's left of you into bits, Nico Robin! I'll slice up everything!
Cavendish: Stay away, Hakuba!  I won't let you take control!
Hakuba: Shut up!  Stay asleep, Cavendish!
Cavendish: You don't even know what I'm fighting for! I'll take care of this!
Hakuba: I'll just rip everything to shreds!
Cavendish: There's no point if I don't do it!
Hakuba: Don't care!  I'll show them a bloodbath!
Cavendish: What?!  I won't let you!
Bartolomeo: It's like two people having a conversation!  Does he have a split personality?!
Cavendish: I will!
Hakuba: No, me!
Cavendish: I'll do it!
Hakuba: No, I will!
Cavendish: I will!
Hakuba: Me, me, me!
Cavendish: I will, I will, I will !
Hakuba: Me!
Cavendish: I will!
Hakuba: Me!
Cavendish: I will!
Hakuba: Me!
Cavendish: I will!
Hakuba: Me!
Cavendish: I will!
Hakuba: Me!
Bartolomeo: He's gone half-and-half!
Cavendish: Shut up, Hakuba! I'm the only Cavendish!
Bartolomeo: You were half-and-half just a second ago! Hey, I said you were half-and-half!
Cavendish: Okay, it's alright now, Nico Robin. Why don't you let go of me?
Robin: You expect me to trust you after seeing that? Huh?
Gladius: Let's just end this now. I'll blow you up along with the wall! This'll do far worse than just throw you into the air. Don't think you can get away in one piece!
Bartolomeo: That bastard!
Cavendish: He'll rupture us along with the wall! We need to get down right now, Nico Robin!
Robin: No!  Something could happen to Rebecca while I'm doing that...
Bartolomeo: Leave this to me! I won't let him harm Robin-senpai!
Gladius: Good judgment. Yes, if you take me down, you can stop the wall from rupturing. Punc Hair!
Bartolomeo: This is nothing! What's this?  It went numb.
Gladius: Those hairs are poison needles.
Bartolomeo: What?!
Cavendish: Bartolomeo!
Robin: Rooster-kun!
Bartolomeo: Damn!  I let my guard down!
Gladius: I have the power of the Pamu Pamu Fruit. In other words, I'm a rupture man from head to toe. If you do something to me, my body will explode... and thousands more of the poison needles that just caught you... will pierce through those two up there! But if you don't take me down, you can't stop the wall from rupturing. What are you gonna do? My body's explosion will be so powerful that you can't survive, of course.
Bartolomeo: What?! Then Robin-senpai will suffer no matter what I do!
Gladius: You're a fast learner, Bartolomeo.
Bartolomeo: Think, Bartolomeo! What's the most important thing for me to keep safe here? That's obviously... Robin-senpai's body. I can't let Robin-senpai fall from there! To stop the wall from rupturing, I've gotta take that hedgehog down. But then, all those poison needles will fly straight toward Robin-senpai! What should I do?  Think! Think harder, Bartolomeo!
Cavendish: Doesn't matter if it's up or down!  Just let go of me and run!
Bartolomeo: Oh yeah! There's a completely expendable guy up there with Robin-senpai! Hey, Cabbage!  I'll bring down the hedgehog here, so... you protect Robin-senpai from the poison needles by using your whole body as a shield!
Hakuba: Hey...
Bartolomeo: Hey, Cabbage!
Hakuba: Shut up, rooster!
Bartolomeo: The evil one came out again! Just when I need him the most, he's useless! Robin-senpai's in danger from all sides! What do I do?!  What do I do?! Oh yeah!
Gladius: Will you face me, Bartolomeo?
Bartolomeo: I can only put up one barrier at a time. That's the drawback, but I don't care. Robin-senpai!  If I can save you, I won't hesitate! Barrier Ball! Go ahead, blow up if you like! We're inside my unbreakable barrier!
Gladius: This fool...
Bartolomeo: You're dead!
Robin: Rooster-kun!  Don't tell me you...
Gladius: You were prepared to take me down with you?! You insolent little... Fashion Punc!
Robin: Rooster-kun!
Bartolomeo: That serves you right, hedgehog! Now the wall won't rupture! Robin... senpai... Mission complete. I protected Robin-senpai.
Gladius: Too bad for you, fool. You missed by just a few centimeters. It wasn't my throat that you stabbed.  It was my shoulder.
Bartolomeo: I-I missed his vital organs?! Sure, he was inflated and I couldn't tell if it was his neck or shoulder but... Dammit!
Gladius: You have Devil Fruit powers too, so you know the deal. As long as I'm conscious... the wall rupture won't stop! Watch closely as your friends are blown asunder!
Bartolomeo: Damn, I'm such a fool!
Cavendish: Nico Robin, I'm sorry! I brought Hakuba under control! I'm Cavendish now! But I left half of me as Hakuba.
Cavendish & Hakuba: Let go of me!  I'll kill you! I'll take you to the Sunflower Field with Hakuba's speed! I'll use Hakuba's abilities!
Cavendish: We have no other options!  Let go of me!
Cavendish & Hakuba: Trust me!
Robin: Which one's talking?
Cavendish: No time to think! Hurry up!
Gladius: It's over.
Bartolomeo: D-Don't!
Gladius: Punc Rock... Super Arena!
Bartolomeo: Robin-senpai!
Gladius: This barrier of yours is quite convenient. Look. There's nothing left of either one.
Bartolomeo: Huh?!
Hakuba: Why did you stop me?! It's your own body!
Cavendish: If so, why don't you... listen to me every now and then?!
Robin: Cien Fleur!  Spider Net! You stopped Hakuba's sword for me, didn't you, Cabbage-kun? You're such a confusing man.
Gladius: Impossible! How could they escape that rupture?!
Bartolomeo: I'm so relieved... Robin-senpai... I couldn't save the one I had to save, so what am I doing here?! If it were him... If it were Luffy-senpai, he would have...
Luffy: I'm the man who will be the Pirate King! I survived after all! Awesome!
Bartolomeo: Monkey D. Luffy!  The Straw Hats! His bounty went up again! He's quickly rising up in the world! Did the Gomu Gomu Fruit techniques... go like this? Luffy-senpai!
Spartan: Get out of here right now!
Bartolomeo: Don't tell me it's... Luffy-senpai?!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Thor...
Chinjao: Non-Drilling Dragon...
Luffy: Elephant Gun!
Chinjao: Non-Drilling Nail!
Luffy: Alright!
Bartolomeo: He's awesome!  I wasn't wrong about him! Someday, Luffy-senpai will definitely become the Pirate King! Compared to him, I'm pathetic! Divine Homage Fist! Luffy-senpai... My skills aren't good enough now... but I'll become stronger and stronger... Bari Bari no... I swear, that someday... I'll become a man who can help you! Pistol! I barely won using my senpai's power... Anyway, I never want to... work with that annoying guy again!
Diamante: It's quite noisy down there, too. On an unstable battlefield like this, even a gladiator from the Colosseum would totter and fall! Right, Rebecca? Vipera Glaive!
Kyros: Don't! Run, Rebecca!  You can't stop that attack!
Robin: Butterfly flowers that divert attacks... Mil Fleur! Moth Orchid!
Rebecca: Robin-san!
Diamante: That's...
Kyros: Robiland!
Robin: You've completed your objective, Rebecca. Thank you for delivering the key. From now on, I'll defend you!
Narrator: One after another, the commanders are subdued,  and the Donquixote Family is driven into a corner. However, Giolla puts a horrible plan in motion that will resuscitate all the commanders. With a great danger that will turn the tide of battle closing in, the little warrior Leo begins his courageous fight!
