Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo and were captured along with the rest of the island. As the Straw Hats furiously fight the Donquixote Family, Luffy and Law have finally begun their battle with Doflamingo at the royal palace!
Pink: I'm sorry!  I didn't wanna lose you... So I lied! Russian, look. I found the same bonnet that Gimlet used to wear! Well, do I look like him? He took after me, and all. Just one more time... Please smile! I-I'm sorry!  I went too far with that joke. If someone sees me wearing this...
Title: Stardust of Death Diamante's Violent Storm of Attacks
Pink: Good morning, Russian.
Citizen: You're one hell of a character, old man! He lost his son, and his wife was in a terrible accident. That's enough to break anyone.
Diamante: Pink, what the hell happened to your fashion sense?!
Trébol: Hey!  You're just trying to make people laugh, right?
Gladius: What happened to your designer suits?
Lao G: G, for disGraceful!
Pink: I'm going out.
Citizen: Look!  It's a pervert! Pervert passing through! Disgusting! Don't walk around wearing that! Oh, please!  He's so disturbing. He's still wearing that? Oh!  It's a freak! Hey!  Stop that!
Pink: I'm sorry I'm late, Russian. Russian...
Russian: Well, Darling, what should we name him?
Pink: Let's see... Gimlet.
Russian: That's a great name!
Pink: Russian... To me, these outfits are more valuable than the finest suits money can buy. Because the times I wear these outfits... are the only times you smile for me.
Russian: The rain came out of nowhere, didn't it?  I'm soaked!
Pink: You're soaking wet but you're smiling?
Russian: I... like rain. Do you like it too? Rain.
Pink: Seems like the rain that you loved so much... has lifted.
Russian: Darling!
Women: Señor!
Gnomes: Fraland!
Franky: Pathetic. Just what could you be recalling... that made you cry like that? Brother. If we meet again someday, somewhere... Let's have a drink, and then you can tell me... about that woman, Russian. Now, you guys! Are you ready?! Yeah! Take this despicable factory that caused you Tontattans so much pain... and tear it down!
Inhel: Let's go!
Wicca: Thank you, Fraland!
Franky: Tontattans, good luck... You handle the mess up there... Luffy.
Marine: Help the injured first!  Call the rescue team! Aye!
Diamante: Showtime! It's showtime for everyone! Hurry up and show me... the two of you, father and daughter, dying together in misery! Half Moon... Glaive! Kyros! Just now, you were lashing out at me in rage. Have you forgotten your place? Did you think that I'm merely a talented matador who can make things ripple?! You couldn't remain the Colosseum's strongest warrior forever, you know! My skill is indisputable. The current hero of the Colosseum is me, Diamante-sama! The current hero of the Colosseum is me, Diamante-sama!
Kyros: I don't care about that title!
Diamante: Of course, the rippling does help. Army Bandera!
Rebecca: Father!
Diamante: Nice try!  You almost had me! Well, of course it would come to this. You've been running around the country all day, and fighting me on this rippling arena while trying to keep your daughter safe! And on just one leg, at that! An ordinary person would have long since stopped moving.
Rebecca: Father...
Tank: Viola-sama, how's Kyros-sama doing now?
Violet: He's worn out. Kyros can't keep fighting for much longer!
Tank: Please avenge Scarlett-sama...
Kyros: You need not concern yourself about me having one leg!
Diamante: Oh?
Kyros: If I wanted to use it as an excuse, I wouldn't have come to this battlefield! I'm proud of my missing leg! I gave it up for the man who saved my life!
Diamante: I see.  Then, I'll gladly aim for your weak spot. It'd be no fun to kill you the old-fashioned way, now that you're so worn out. How about a game?! The last showtime!
Robin: Is that...
Rebecca: Confetti?
Diamante: That's right!  It looks like paper, thanks to my ripple power. And now, I'll undo my power. Ripple Release!
Kyros: Spiked iron balls!
Diamante: Gaze upon their beauty!  They're like stardust!
Rebecca: Robin-san!
Robin: Doesn't look like there's anywhere to hide.
Kyros: Robiland, please protect Rebecca!
Robin: Commander-san, you're in danger too!
Kyros: I'll be fine!
Diamante: You're panicking, I see.  Very perceptive of you. Yes, this stardust can slaughter entire armies! It'd take a miracle for you to survive.
Robin: Thank goodness we're at the Sunflower Field. Mil Fleur! I'm sorry I have to pluck such magnificent flowers.
Diamante: Struggle all you want! Adios! Death Enjambre!
Robin: Flower Umbrella! That was close!
Diamante: Oh?  Quite impressive.
Kyros: Pay attention!
Diamante: Kyros!
Kyros: If an army were to fall to this kind of attack, they'd be truly pathetic!
Diamante: That's so crazy! He's swatting away every single spiked iron ball! Can he make it through a rain shower without even getting wet? Dammit!
Rebecca: Father!
Diamante: Look out above, Kyros! You klutz!  How could you trip now?
Rebecca: Damn you, Diamante!  I'll get you!
Robin: No, Rebecca!  They're still falling!
Rebecca: Father!
Diamante: This is the gun I shot your wife Scarlett with! You should be happy!  You'll die by the same gun that killed your wife!
Rebecca: You'll pay for this! You'll pay for everything, Diamante!
Diamante: Well said, Rebecca!  Go ahead, make me pay! Fight me!  I'll kill you with my own two hands! Just like I did your mother!
Rebecca: Let go of me, Robin-san!  I'll kill him!
Robin: How long will this last?!  The Flower Umbrella can't take any more!
Rebecca: Diamante! No way...
Kyros: This is my fight, Rebecca! Drop... your sword! For an entire decade...
Rebecca: Father!  Get under the umbrella!  You'll die!
Kyros: ...you have followed your mother's wish!
Rebecca: Mother said that it's bad to hurt people.
Kyros: I'm teaching you this so that you don't get hurt.
Audience: Fight, Rebecca!
Announcer: She's never hurt anyone, and she's won all her battles by ring out! She's the undefeated woman!
Audience: You can't even cut your enemy and you call yourself a winner?! Shed your blood, Rebecca! You coward!
Spartan: That match was a complete disgrace! You're the shame of all gladiators!
Audience: Drop dead, Rebecca! Your family's a bunch of monsters! You foul-blooded wench!
Kyros: You've been fighting in the Colosseum, but you still haven't hurt anybody! Your hands are still beautiful! Those are the hands... in which your mother Scarlett's spirit lives!
Rebecca: Mother...
Kyros: After all your efforts, there's no need to bathe them in the blood of a devil like him. Rebecca! I'll make sure you never have to swing your sword again!
Narrator: His entire body assailed by countless deadly iron balls, Kyros reaches his limit. But when he thinks of the pain and grief that Doflamingo caused to the citizens, his anger reaches its peak, and he unleashes his attack, which rends asunder the misfortune of Dress Rosa!
