Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo and were captured along with the rest of the island. As the Straw Hats furiously fight the Donquixote Family, Luffy and Law have finally begun their battle with Doflamingo at the royal palace!
Diamante: Death Enjambre!
Rebecca: Father!
Diamante: Look out above, Kyros! You klutz!  How could you trip now?
Rebecca: You'll pay for this! You'll pay for everything, Diamante!
Diamante: Well said, Rebecca!  Go ahead, make me pay! Fight me!  I'll kill you with my own two hands! Just like I did your mother!
Kyros: Drop... your sword! For an entire decade... you have followed your mother's wish! You've been fighting in the Colosseum, but you still haven't hurt anybody! Your hands are still beautiful! Those are the hands... in which your mother Scarlett's spirit lives!
Rebecca: Mother...
Kyros: After all your efforts, there's no need to bathe them in the blood of a devil like him. Rebecca! I'll make sure you never have to swing your sword again!
Title: Trueno Bastardo! Kyros' Furious Strike!
Diamante: No way! How can anyone move around in this deadly stardust?! Kyros! Are you made of iron?! No, it's gotta be painful enough to make you wanna scream... This guy is beyond insane... Are you made of stupidity?!
Kyros: The pain... The pain is proof that I am human! You people would never understand... the despair of being forgotten by the ones you love! Scarlett! Why?  Why didn't you wait for me?! Of course. I must have disappeared from your mind, too. Both our promise... and our time together... Scarlett, hang in there!
Scarlett: I don't know who you are... but my daughter is waiting for me,  and she's famished... Please...
Kyros: It's me!  It's Kyros!
Scarlett: Please...
Kyros: Scarlett! How can this be our parting? This is hell!  It's too cruel! With these tin arms,  I can't even feel your fading warmth! Scarlett! You people don't understand... the agony of being unable to feel anything you touch! Or the tragedies that have befallen Dress Rosa... Compared to them, this is not even pain! If you want to say I'm made of something, then I'll become this country's fury incarnate... and bring you down!
Diamante: How is he this strong?! Your glory days were twenty years ago! Don't underestimate my true skill with the sword! Half Moon Glaive! Kyros!
Kyros: Diamante!
Riku: Did something happen to Kyros and Rebecca, Viola?
Violet: Rebecca is fine. It's an intense battle. Even just watching them with my Clairvoyance, I can feel... Kyros' pain and anger...
Diamante: You're still not dead?!  You damn monster! This looks like the end for you, Kyros! Just as the iron rain lifted, too. I'll end this by killing you myself. Just like Scarlett, who you two loved so much!
Violet: Diamante, you fiend! How dare you bring up my sister again!
Tank: Damn you, Diamante!
Guard: I'm sorry, King Riku! We searched as hard as we could, but all for naught! A man named Diamante got there before us, and we found Scarlett-sama lying in the streets, shot to death!
Violet: You killed my sister?!
Diamante: Oh yeah, she was your older sister! She was buying food at a market in the town. If the fool could've controlled her hunger, she wouldn't have had to die!
Violet: Let go of me, Tank!
Tank: Please stop!  Don't do anything rash!
Violet: I can't take it anymore!
Tank: We'll stay in the palace, too. To protect you!
Diamante: You... and you! I won't let either of you survive! We defeated you ten years ago! Losers should accept their lot and die a pathetic death befitting of them!
Kyros: Diamante!
Diamante: My strikes rend the earth itself! Take this, and that! There!  There! There! Let's hope you can dodge my attacks... with your single, shot-up leg!
Kyros: I have no intention of dodging!
Diamante: If you won't dodge, you're just an idiot!
Kyros: I will put my heart, my soul, and all the pain the country has suffered in the past decade into my sword! I will return peace!
Diamante: Half Moon Glaive!
Kyros: Trueno... Bastardo! I owe you one, Robiland.
Rebecca: Father! Father, we must tend to your wounds!
Kyros: I couldn't protect your mother, but I'll protect you with my life. Until the day you can find true happiness, I'll always be by your side.
Tank: Viola-sama. Don't tell me... Army Commander Kyros was...
Violet: He took down Diamante!
Citizen: He took down the Diamante?
Tank: Is it true, Viola-sama?!
Violet: That's right!  Kyros won! Rebecca is okay, too. Nico Robin protected her.
Citizen: I can't believe he took down one of the Donquixote Family's top commanders! He took down the hero of the Colosseum... That's absurd! Kyros was the original undefeated hero of the Colosseum! We thought no one could beat the Donquixote Family... but they're falling, one by one!
Riku: Kyros.
Tank: Army Commander Kyros!
Violet: Señor Pink lost the battle at the factory... and many other of the Donquixote Family have been defeated by the warriors siding with Straw Hat Luffy. There are four major opponents of the Donquixote Family left! Bellamy the Hyena... and the two top commanders, Pica and Trébol! And... the current king, one of the Seven Warlords of the Sea, Doflamingo! The Final Four!
Citizen: Never expected them to make it that far! The Straw Hat Pirates are incredible! I can't believe we were trying to save ourselves by killing them!
Usopp: Well, like they say, we all make mistakes! As long as you see the error of your ways, I'll forgive you! Old King Riku, where are you going?
Riku: I don't think anyone will try to kill me now. I'll go down to the town. Surely there's still something I can do.
Tank: I shall accompany you! I refuse to depend on the Government or the Navy!
Citizen: Everybody's lost hope. They think there's no escape from this bird cage, this deadly game! We should all go too! Let's tell everybody in the town there's still hope!
Kanjuurou: It would seem the tides have begun to turn.
Usopp: Where did the Navy Admiral go?
Kanjuurou: Did you not notice? He descended to the ground quite some time ago.
Fujitora: How is the situation?
Marine: The capture of those running wild is going well, but we have yet to deal  with the remaining problems.
Fujitora: Gather all the citizens in one place. Somewhere we'll be able to defend them.
Marine: Yes, sir!
Zoro: Sand Ripple! Flash! Wolf Slash! Great Wolf Slash! Two-Sword Style... Nigiri!
Pica: Roronoa Zoro... Some urgent business came up. Our battle ends here.
Zoro: You seriously think I'll let you get away, freak?! Is he... That bastard...
Rebecca: Father, what are these tremors?
Kyros: Rebecca!
Robin: That's... But I thought Zoro was keeping him in check? Pica!
Pica: Diamante... What a sorry state for a Family top commander.
Narrator: As Pica tears through his foes with  overwhelming power, Zoro stands up to face him. However, this is part of Pica's trap. Tossing Zoro far away, Pica tramples the ground... and begins a full-scale counterattack to eliminate King Riku!
