Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D.  Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo and were captured along with the rest of the island. As the Straw Hats furiously fight the Donquixote Family, Luffy and Law have finally begun their battle with Doflamingo at the royal palace!
Kyros: The tragedies that have befallen Dress Rosa... Compared to them, this is not even pain! I'll become this country's fury incarnate... and bring you down!
Diamante: Half Moon Glaive!
Kyros: Trueno... ...Bastardo!
Robin: But I thought Zoro was keeping him in check? Pica!
Pica: Diamante... What a sorry state for a Family top commander.
Title: Crossing the Ground The Giant Statue Pica's Sneak Attack!
Luffy: Stop, Bellamy!  Or you really will kill yourself!
Bellamy: You're still on about that, Straw Hat?!
Luffy: I'll just keep repeating myself! Your body can't take any more! Stop fi- Bellamy, just give up already!
Bellamy: Shut up!  Where I die is for me to decide! You're gonna be the Pirate King, right?! Then simple crap like this shouldn't stop you! Straw Hat!
Rebecca: Father!
Kyros: I should have guessed. We're not here to fight one-on-one! As long as the enemy still stands, the fight won't end!
Rebecca: Don't push yourself, Father! You can't even move.
Kyros: Stand down, Rebecca! I have to take them all down, even if it should cost me my life! I will restore King Riku as the ruler of this land!
Pica: I have to ask. What is King Riku to you people? Rebecca, you had to endure unending jeers because of him. Kyros, you lost your leg in service to him,  and then were forced to live as a toy. If it weren't for him...
Rebecca: What nonsense!  You people framed him!
Kyros: King Riku is my father-in-law, who stood by me since my days of thuggery! The Royal Dynasty of Riku  is revered worldwide... as a family that understands the true meaning of peace! This country wasn't as wealthy and prosperous as it is now. But that didn't mean the people were unhappy! A clear sky, flowers in full bloom... A great country filled with gentle hearts! That's what Dress Rosa truly is! Money and jewels are merely stones that contain neither heart nor soul! The act of living is true happiness. That is what he taught us! That's who his majesty is! Kicking you beasts out and returning him to the throne once more... is our nation's desire this very moment!
Pica: I understand.
Rebecca: Huh?  He vanished?
Robin: What is the meaning of this?
Pica: Charlestone!
Bartolomeo: Th-The hell is that?! That scared me!
Robin: Now he's on the third level!
Zoro: That damn bastard! He's supposed to fight me! Does he even want to fight?! Either way, I can't reach him if he's moving around in the plateau. Prepare to die once you're back in range!
Pica: Charlestone!
Grunt: Pica-sama, please stop!
Grunts: Pica-sama! Help!
Zoro: That bastard!  He's attacking the injured!
Sai: Here he comes!  Watch out!
Baby 5: Yes, dear!
Sai: Don't cling to me!
Baby 5: Oh, there's no need to be shy. I am your future wife, you know.
Pica: You betrayed us, Baby 5! Steel Mill!
Sai: Look out!
Chinjao: Sai!
Baby 5: Honey!
Chinjao: Oh, you're okay!  I'll get you out of there.
Sai: No, you damn fool!  Gramps, behind you!
Pica: You pieces of trash! Charlestone!
Sai: That asshole!
Zoro: You stony bastard! That's enough outta you! Quit going after the injured!
Pica: Roronoa. Bite Stone!
Zoro: One-Sword Style... Demon Horse!
Pica: Say, Roronoa Zoro... Do you know who's on the old Royal Grounds?
Zoro: The king of this country!
Pica: The former king!
Zoro: What are you getting at?!
Pica: Don't you think it's unfair?
Zoro: What's unfair?!
Pica: Invasions are a common occurrence. Why does only Doffy have to take blame?
Zoro: Cut the crap!
Pica: On the old Royal Grounds, the former senior officials of this country are there, as well as those samurai and God Usopp. I heard the whole nation seeks King Riku's restoration.
Zoro: So what?!
Pica: That pisses me off!  Doffy is the one and only king!
Sai: What the...
Robin: What's happening now?
Kyros: Look at that!
Zoro: Bastard!
Marine: It started to move again!
Citizen: Wh-What's he going to do?!
Pica: This is Donquixote country!
Marine: He's walking!  Run!
Citizen: The statue's started to move!  Run!  Run for it!
Zoro: Whoa, whoa, don't tell me...
Usopp: Wh-What the... What's he doing?!
Zoro: That bastard! So he's planning to take out the king?!
Citizen: Run! It's gonna crush us!
Marine: Prepare to fire! Fire! Fire!  Fire!
Zoro: Bastard! So that's why he drove me out this far! I can't catch up to him! I totally got played! Gotta do something, or else... It'll take him just one punch to shatter the Royal Grounds! Usopp and the king'll be crushed to death! There any way to stop it?
Grunt: Pirate Hunter! We won't let you get in Pica-sama's way anymore!
Zoro: You're a pest!
Robin: Zoro!
Kyros: Not good! If we let him go, he'll...
Luffy: But there's no way to stop that thing!
Rebecca: Grandfather!
Robin: Usopp!
Bartolomeo: That sucker!
Zoro: Plan 1. Long-distance slash. No, at that range, it'll be far too weak. It won't take him down. Plan 2.  Jump on top of him. Yeah that won't work. Plan 3. Shout out real loud to warn Usopp and the others of the danger. Usopp! He'd never hear me from this distance. Plan 4. Call him by Snail Phone and tell him,  "Get the hell outta there." Oh, I don't have one.
Usopp: Don't come any closer!
Zoro: And even if I could tell him,  there's no time for everyone to get away!
Grunt: Go for it! Pica-sama!
Baby 5: He's going after King Riku!
Sai: It's none of our business,  but I still don't like it!
Orlumbus: What should we do?
Bartolomeo: Stop, you stone monster! Sogeking-senpai is on that plateau! Stone!  Come back here! I'll fight you!
Usopp: No!
Elizabello: I understand now! The Pirate Hunter was right in  telling me to save my King Punch! I'll save you, King Riku, my old friend!
Zoro: Wait a sec, King of wherever!
Elizabello: "Wherever"?! That's "King Elizabello of Prodence" to you, Pirate Hunter!
Zoro: I told you, it's no use just destroying him. He'll keep coming back unless you beat him in the flesh!
Elizabello: Well, what should we do then?
Orlumbus: We don't have much time left!
Usopp: Help me!
Elizabello: Pirate Hunter! Hey!
Zoro: Give me two minutes.
Pica: Is King Riku there?
Zoro: Plan 5! Fly into the sky and dice this punk to bits!!! That'll work!
Narrator: Pica's giant fist nearly blots out the sky  as it bears down upon King Riku! Just as the light of hope shining upon Dress Rosa is about to be extinguished, and another age where the strong rule the weak is looming, the final battle between Zoro and Pica breaks out!
