Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo, and were captured along with the rest of the island. As the Straw Hats furiously fight the Donquixote Family, Luffy and Law have finally begun their battle with Doflamingo at the royal palace! Meanwhile, Zoro and Pica are...
Pica: This is Donquixote country!
Zoro: That bastard! So he's planning to take out the king?!
Elizabello: I'll save you, King Riku, my old friend!
Zoro: Wait a sec, King of wherever!
Elizabello: Hey!
Zoro: Give me two minutes.
Pica: Is King Riku there?
Zoro: Plan 5! Fly into the sky and dice this punk to bits! That'll work!
Title: The Decisive Midair Battle Zoro's New Sure-Kill Secret Technique Explodes!
Kyros: If nothing is done...
Rebecca: Grandfather and the others will...
Bartolomeo: Sogeking-senpai!  Run!
Elizabello: Pirate Hunter! How long will you make me wait?!
Zoro: Hey, Director!
Orlumbus: Huh?  If you mean "Commodore," that's me.
Zoro: Whatever! Didn't you throw someone like a cannonball earlier?
Pica: Prepare yourself, King Riku!
Grunt: Pica-sama! Crush King Riku and God Usopp where they stand!
Marine: Like we'll let you! Shoot!  Shoot! R-Retreat! Run for it!
Riku: Stop! Your target is me, isn't it?! Please stop causing all this destruction! Tank!  Get everyone out of here!
Tank: Yes, sir! Everyone, out of here, now! Evacuate the plateau! King Riku, you must leave too!
Viola: Hurry, Father!
Riku: Viola, Tank! Take everyone and descend at once! His target is me!  Go!
Tank: That's why you need to run, King Riku! Please make haste!
Riku: No!  If everyone else can escape while he's targeting me, then so be it!
Citizen: Your Majesty...
Pica: I see!  Then I'll do as you ask!
Usopp: His palm is as wide as a town!
Sai: What the hell? Pirate Hunter, Orlumbus! Just what are you doing?
Orlumbus: You really sure about this? This technique isn't meant for throwing someone safely!
Zoro: Just do it already!  We don't have time!
Pica: I'll crush you to a pulp, along with the Royal Grounds!
Zoro: That bastard! He's only going after people  who don't want to fight!
Orlumbus: Ready?
Zoro: Yeah!
Pica: King Riku!  You are no king! You're not even fit to be king!
Orlumbus: Commodore...
Citizen: Your Majesty, if you won't run, then neither shall we! Your Majesty!
Pica: King Riku, did you clear up the decade-long misunderstanding and win back your popularity?
Riku: Why have you returned?!  Run away, hurry!
Pica: How cheesy! A pacifist like you... couldn't even protect his country! Or have you forgotten? A country is all about armed might! A man that can't destroy his country's enemies... is not qualified to be king! I'll pulverize you and your cheap ideals! King Riku!
Usopp: Th-The town is falling!
Orlumbus: Killer... Bowling!
Riku: You're right! I couldn't protect my country, so I'm incompetent! I have no intention of sitting on the throne ever again!
Citizen: King Riku!
Riku: However... I tried my best to be a good man!
Zoro: The nine mountains and eight seas... make one world! A thousand of them form a small chiliocosm! And when I gather and cube that chiliocosm, there's nothing I can't cut! Three-Sword Style Secret Technique!
Pica: "Be a good man"?
Riku: If you say I'm not allowed to live without committing murder, then I choose death! There's no future for a mass-murdering nation!
Citizen: Your Majesty!  You are our one true king!
Pica: This is why the good never make history! Because they all die like you!
Zoro: Great Trichiliocosm... One Billion Worlds! Good!  He's escaped into the upper body!
Pica: Roronoa!
Usopp: Zoro!
Zoro: Dead stones... Living stones... No matter how many pieces I carve him into, his real body definitely... has to be in one of them! He can't be in two pieces at once!
Kin'emon: Whaaat?!
Zoro: There's no ground in the air for him to hide in! Show yourself, Pica! How long will you keep hiding?!
Pica: By cornering me, you think you've already won?! You think you can beat me if you can cut those stones, don't you? I can't be cut when I'm clad in Haki!
Zoro: Haki, huh?
Pica: If I knock you off, you lose!
Zoro: Only if your Haki is stronger than mine!
Pica: Of course mine's stronger! You're no match for me!
Zoro: Do you know what people like you are called?
Mihawk: Frog in the well... Know how big the world is.
Zoro: Oni Giri! There's no way the gap's this wide... between me and the world!
Mihawk: Why do you not withdraw?
Zoro: I'd rather die.
Mihawk: Boy! State your name.
Zoro: Roronoa Zoro.
Mihawk: I shall remember it. I have seen naught like you in an age, strong one. Thus, as a courtesy between swordsmen, I shall sink you using the "Black Blade", the world's strongest sword.
Zoro: Three-Sword Style Secret Technique! Three Thousand Worlds! I lost... I never imagined I'd ever lose.
Mihawk: It is still too soon for you to die. My name is Dracule Mihawk! Learn of yourself! Learn of the world! Become strong! Surpass me, Roronoa Zoro!
Zoro: I don't have time to stumble over you here!
Pica: Quit babbling!
Zoro: The nine mountains and eight seas... There's nothing I can't cut!
Pica: Die! Roronoa Zoro!
Zoro: Three Thousand Worlds! Stop troubling the innocent!
Bartolomeo: Zoro-senpai!
Usopp: Doro!
Elizabello: The Pirate Hunter... saved my friend, King Riku?
Usopp: It's still collapsing on us! We're gonna die! Help us, Boro!
Zoro: Your turn!
Elizabello: King... Punch!
Usopp: W-We're saved!
Elizabello: That brat... He used my King Punch... to clear away some rocks!  How rude! I won't forget this!
Zoro: Job well done!
Narrator: At last, the top commander Pica has fallen, and only Doflamingo and Trébol remain. However, while everyone pins their hopes on Luffy, Bellamy stands in his way,  putting his pride as a man on the line! The two men clash, their minds racing with emotion!
