Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo, and were captured along with the rest of the island. As the Straw Hats furiously fight the Donquixote Family, Luffy and Law have finally begun their battle with Doflamingo at the royal palace! Meanwhile, Zoro peruses Pica as he closes in on King Riku...
Orlumbus: Commodore... Killer... Bowling!
Zoro: The nine mountains and eight seas... make one world! A thousand of them form a small chiliocosm! And when I gather and cube that chiliocosm, there's nothing I can't cut! Three-Sword Style Secret Technique! Great Trichiliocosm... One Billion Worlds! The nine mountains and eight seas... There's nothing I can't cut!
Pica: Die!
Zoro: Three Thousand Worlds!
Usopp: It's still collapsing on us!
Elizabello: King... Punch!
Zoro: Job well done!
Title: So Long! Bellamy's Parting Blow!
Mihawk: Has your sword ever broken?
Zoro: Yeah, it's happened a few times, I guess.
Mihawk: Including by you. Were it clad in Haki, that same sword would not have shattered. You should be ashamed at even having the slightest nick to your blades. Every sword can become a Black Blade.
Zoro: Black Blade...
Mihawk: Until you master it, drinking is forbidden.
Zoro: Huh?! No nicks.
Usopp: Zoro!  Zoro, you alright?!
Zoro: Of course I am.
Fujitora: Was anyone harmed?
Marine: No, sir.  All thanks to you, Isshou-san.
Elizabello: King... Punch!
Citizen: The debris is falling onto us! Get the hell outta here! Run!
Marine: Isshou-san...
Fujitora: Make haste, evacuate everyone.
Marine: Y-Yes, sir! Run! Hurry, before it's too late! Get going! All hands, fall back! Isshou-san, evacuation complete, sir!
Fujitora: Very well.
Marine: Thanks to you temporarily levitating those stones, Isshou-san, there are no casualties. Luckily, we already set up downtown as an evacuation zone.
Fujitora: Well done.
Citizen: Did you see that?! That giant statue was sliced completely in half! Does that mean the top commander was done in?
Grunt: Pica-sama's down!
Sai: He's that strong, and yet he didn't enter the competition? What a humble guy.
Chinjao: That power, yet he's merely Garp's grandson's subordinate?
Orlumbus: He's good!
Elizabello: We managed to protect King Riku in the end, so I'll let it go.  But still...
Bartolomeo: Zodo-senpai!
Kyros: Your majesty!
Rebecca: Thank goodness!
Citizen: The factory... The factory that rose from the ground exploded! What's going on?!
Inhel: One more time!
Gnomes: Yeah! Heave-ho!
Gnome: Blow the factory to bits for making us suffer! We'll never be fooled or forced to work again!
Trébol: Hey, hey!  Pica has been defeated and the factory just exploded, Doffy. But the defeated will be brought back.  The factory will be restored. Celebrate while you can! We still have the Chiyu Chiyu Fruit power user, Mansherry, on our side!
Leo: Rebecca-sama! Robiland!  Are you alright? Commander!  You're Commander Kyros, right?
Kyros: Yup!  I see you rescued the princess, Leo!
Leo: You look so gallant!  A spitting image of the statue!
Kyros: It's the other way around.
Mansherry: Oh, you're badly injured. I'll heal you right away.
Kyros: Actually, hold on. You must be Princess Mansherry. I heard a lot about your power,  but there must be some limit to it. Don't use it on me.
Mansherry: But you're bleeding everywhere!
Kyros: I'm fine.  I'm still conscious. More importantly, I'm glad that you're okay.  It must have been tough. If you're willing to use your power, there are people all over the country in need of it!
Mansherry: What?  This is... This is Dress Rosa? Leo and the others explained the situation to me, but I didn't expect it to be this bad...
Kyros: Still, it looks like they succeeded in destroying the factory. The battle has come to a crucial point!
Leo: Inhel and the others pulled it off!
Kyros: This country was entrapped by Doflamingo. Whether we can return it to the hands of King Riku... or fall once again and become a land of despair... Our hope now rests with a certain band of pirates!
Mansherry: Pirates?
Kyros: In the royal palace... On the top floor...
Leo: Luffyland... Lawland...
Kabu: Those two are our last resort.
Robin: Luffy... Traf-kun...
Rebecca: Lucy...
Koala: I've just entered the rampart tower. Looks like something bad's about to go down. Sabo-kun, can't you get here?  Where are you?
Sabo: I'm helping trapped prisoners escape from the Colosseum. You're too far away. You can handle pretty much anything on your own, right?
Koala: If I thought I could handle this, I wouldn't be calling you! This might affect Luffy-kun!
Sabo: I'll be right there!
Koala: Jeez!
Usopp: Zoro!  You alright? Zoro!  Do you need a hand?
Zoro: I'm okay!  Ain't a scratch on me!
Usopp: What a relief! Zoro, thank you!  I thought I was done for!
Kinemon: Zoro-dono, very well done!
Citizen: Pirate, thank you! When I saw you cut that giant statue with your swords, I could hardly believe my eyes!
Zoro: Hold it, you guys! Hold off on the excitement until that suffocating cage disappears! It's still there, which means the key man hasn't been defeated yet.
Luffy: Stop!  Stop, Bellamy! Stop! Bellamy, why... Why do you wanna go that far?!  You're... You're being fooled and used by Mingo! He said he set you free, but...
Doflamingo: That's enough, Bellamy.  I set you free. Like you have always been.
Luffy: ...you didn't run, and now you're fighting me to the death... He must have known you'd do this.
Bellamy: I'm sure he did!  But so what?! I respect him! If I can at least die in a way that would impress him... I'll be content!
Luffy: Don't lie!  This is the only option you have left, right?! Because you're a man!
Bellamy: If you understand that much, shut up and fight!
Luffy: But you'll die for nothing!
Bellamy: No, this is what I want. If I'm to meet my end... by another man that I admire! Straw Hat...
Sarquiss: Where are you going, Straw Hat?!
Luffy: The sky! What are you saying?!  Bellamy has changed! You've changed, Bellamy. You're my friend!
Bellamy: Thank you, Straw Hat! Straw Hat! If you refuse to fight me, I'll just... kill you! I'll kill you! Prepare yourself, Straw Hat! This one blow will end it all! Why're you just standing there?!   Put 'em up, coward! If you know how to throw a punch, that is!
Luffy: Mingo!
Bellamy: Straw Hat! Die! So long, Straw Hat! Thank you for calling me your friend! I get it now! That I admired the wrong man! And how pathetic I am! I know I'm an idiot... but even an idiot has principles he must stick to!
Luffy: Doflamingo!
Doflamingo: The beast is roaring. He should hurry on up here. I'm sure he'll be surprised, Law, when he sees your dead body.
Narrator: Despite being on the verge of death,  Law is still attempting to exact his revenge. But after the ruthless Doflamingo's  bullets riddle his body, he finally meets his end. When Luffy witnesses the horrific outcome and roars with anger, the final battle for Dress Rosa begins!
