Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo, and were captured along with the rest of the island. The commanders of the Donquixote Family,  one after another, have fallen to the Straw Hats' allies. At the Royal Palace, Luffy and Law's fight against Doflamingo is about to come to its own climax.
Kyros: This country was entrapped by Doflamingo. Whether we can return it to the hands of King Riku... or fall once again and become a land of despair... Our hope now rests with a certain band of pirates!
Mansherry: Pirates?
Rebecca: Lucy...
Bellamy: I respect him! If I can at least die in a way that would impress him... I'll be content!
Luffy: Don't lie!  This is the only option you have left, right?! Because you're a man!
Bellamy: If you understand that much, shut up and fight!
Luffy: But you'll die for nothing!
Bellamy: No, this is what I want. If I'm to meet my end... by the only other man that I admire! So long, Straw Hat! Thank you for calling me your friend!
Luffy: Doflamingo!
Doflamingo: The beast is roaring. He should hurry on up here. I'm sure he'll be surprised, Law...
Title: Law Dies Luffy's Furious Onslaught!
Viola: Straw Hat just took down Bellamy. That leaves two major enemies in the Donquixote Family. The only ones left are  the top commander and chief of staff, Trébol, and the Family boss, Donquixote Doflamingo!
Tank: Roronoa Zoro was right that we can't let our guard down now, but there's no doubt, the tide of the battle is turning in our favor.
Citizena: Just a little more...
Citizen: A little more to go and this nightmare will end!
Viola: It can't be!
Tank: What's the matter, Viola-sama?
Usopp: Viola?
Viola: Our ranks have shrunk as well!
Usopp: "Our ranks"...  You mean one of us was taken out?! Who... Who was it?
Viola: Trafalgar Law!
Usopp: Eh?!
Kine'mon: My word!  Law-dono?!
Doflamingo: I'm sure he'll be surprised, Law, when he sees your dead body...
Trébol: Sticky Launcher!
Doflamingo: You really should rest, Law. You must have realized by now, that whatever cheap tricks you use, you can't overcome the difference in strength between us. You're not even a match for me on my own. Why would you want to challenge both of us at the same time? Straw Hat won't make it up here that easily. If he had the guts to kill his "friend" right off the bat, he might have been able to save you, but...
Trébol: He's such a naive idiot! It's no use pinning your hopes on him! No use!  No use!
Doflamingo: Truly an unfortunate soul. Born in the hell that was White Town... Spending your entire childhood with no hope whatsoever for your future... But then you met my younger brother, Corazón. He extended your life expectancy, and you carried on resenting me, as if you were a ghost of him... living only for revenge.
Trébol: What a fool!
Doflamingo: For the sake of a dead man, you've honed your skills, allied with Straw Hat, and even came to Dress Rosa... What an astounding obsession. However... it ends now. What a waste of thirteen years. I feel sorry for you. Your death is inevitable. You will die a completely meaningless death. But, if you're going to die anyway, wouldn't you rather make something of it? I have an idea we'd both benefit from. I'm only going to say this once, so listen carefully, Trafalgar D. Water Law. Perform the ultimate Ope Ope Fruit technique on me... the Eternal Youth Operation... and die. In exchange, I'll grant your wish, whatever it is.
Trébol: Great idea!
Law: Whatever it is?
Doflamingo: That's right.
Law: If you really mean it, it's a brilliant idea.  We'd both benefit from it. Alright, I'm in!
Trébol: You're a very understanding man!  Doffy will finally have eternal life!
Law: Then... bring Cora-san back to life, right now! When you're finished doing that,  go lick the asses of everyone in the country! "No match for" you?   "No use pinning my hopes"? Don't make me laugh! You're the one not seeing the whole picture, Doflamingo! The Straw Hats have caused all sorts of miracles in the past. You can't beat Straw Hatter! You won't be able to reclaim Caesar from him, either!
Trébol: Law, how dare you say that to Doffy!
Law: It's your future that's hanging by a thread-
Doflamingo: You damned idiot! You never stop defying me! The letters on your back, "Corazón"? Are you trying to mock me?! And then there's the name of your crew, the "Heart Pirates"! Are you trying to mock me?! You won't even sit on the Seat of Hearts! So why do you bear the Heart crest?! Law! So irritating! Law, Corazón... This is it. There's no one left to carry on your ridiculous tenacity. The curse you've cast on me is broken!
Usopp: Traf was... You're kidding?!
Viola: After being riddled with so many bullets, he can't be...
Tank: Your majesty?
Riku: In a situation where we can't let our guard down at any time, it's all the more important to keep our people out of harm's way.
Tank: Yes, Sir!  Let's go!
Citizen: M-Me, too! I'll go with you, too!
Citizena: Me, too!
Tank: Alright!  Let's go down to the city right now! It's not too late to minimize casualties!
Citizen: Yeah!  Even though we can't fight, there are still things we can do! Yeah!  Let's go!
Trébol: Doffy...
Doflamingo: Well, whatever. We can find the Ope Ope Fruit again.
Trébol: Oh yeah, that's true. Then, all that's left is...
Doflamingo: To put an end... to everything.
Luffy: Doflamingo! There you are!
Doflamingo: You're late, Straw Hat. Now that I've emancipated him, Bellamy has become "free", right?
Luffy: Don't play dumb!  You knew full well... that he wasn't gonna run away! Gomu Gomu no... Elephant Gun!
Doflamingo: Spiderweb! I see.  So Bellamy didn't run away.
Luffy: What's so funny?! Gomu Gomu no... Hawk Gatling!
Doflamingo: Break White!
Luffy: That's dangerous! Hey, Traf! Why're you bleeding so much? What happened to your arm? Hey! Stay with me, Traf!  Hey! Traf!
Doflamingo: He's dead.  Obviously.
Luffy: That's not true!
Doflamingo: It is. He seemed to have a great deal of faith in you, too. He said you can work miracles. Can you, Straw Hat? I didn't think you were that strong when I fought you, though... Now, bring it on!  There's only two of us left.
Luffy: How dare you bastards! Gomu Gomu no...
Doflamingo: Pentachromatic Strings!
Luffy: Axe! Gomu Gomu no... Gigant Whip! Color of Arms: Hardening!
Trébol: What the hell is he doing?
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Spring Bullet!
Doflamingo: You almost got me.
Tank: Is there something wrong?
Riku: No... Wait!  Stay where you are!
Citizen: I hear something. Wh-What is it?
Marine: What's wrong? No, it's just my imagination. No, it is moving!
Citizen: No way... The wall of strings is... shrinking!
Doflamingo: I'll have you follow Law in death shortly. Let's end this game, shall we?
Luffy: Mingo!
Law: Wait. Listen carefully, Straw Hatter.
Narrator: Doflamingo's cold-blooded extermination plan is finally set in motion! The shrinking wall of strings carves into Dress Rosa. Only one hour remains. When it seems like all hope is lost, a last-chance, tenacious attack rings out!
