Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo, and were captured along with the rest of the island. As the Straw Hats furiously fight the Donquixote Family, Luffy and Law have finally begun their battle with Doflamingo at the royal palace!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Doflamingo: Join Law in death!
Law: Shambles! You're the one that's going to perish, Doflamingo! This operation will destroy you from the inside out! Gamma Knife!
Trébol: Doffy, you're a king!  Don't prostrate yourself!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Jet Stamp!
Trébol: Doffy!
Law: That bastard... is mine! Room! Cora-san... your wish is finally coming true! You're finished, Doflamingo!
Title: Clash of Haki Luffy VS Doflamingo
Law: You're beyond saving. The Gamma Knife destroys your internal organs without leaving an external scar. That's the doctor's word.  Believe it!
Trébol: Law! Damn you!  What have you done to Doffy?!
Luffy: Don't get in his way!
Law: You just... gathered people that were convenient to you and called it a "family". And when your real  brother, Cora-san, tried to end your rampage, you...
Corazón: He's free!
Doflamingo: Yeah, that was a shame... He betrayed me... even pointed a gun at me...
Law: But you knew! You knew Cora-san couldn't pull the trigger! I would have pulled it.
Doflamingo: I bet you would. You're the same as me.
Law: I wanna destroy everything before my eyes! Towns, houses, people... I wanna destroy them all! Yeah... That's fine by me. But on that day, you should have died, not him!
Doflamingo: Law, I'm sure you'll love to hear this... Corazon was a drag and an eyesore to me. He acquired this silly sense of justice  and wore that worthless heart of his on his sleeve. He was an incompetent man. When I killed him that day, it was a huge load off my-
Law: Counter Shock! Go to hell you demonic bastard!
Trébol: Doffy!
Luffy: Traf! Hey! Stay with me! Traf!
Law: Oh, Straw Hatter. Don't worry about me. More importantly, how's Doflamingo?
Trébol: As expected of our king!
Law: H-How in the hell...
Doflamingo: Given enough time, I can mend myself. As we speak, the strings within my body are repairing my internal organs.
Law: What?!
Doflamingo: It's all about how you use your ability. It's a bit different from recovery, though. Good job on the suicide attack.
Trébol: Beta Beta Chain!
Luffy: S-Stop!
Trébol: Sticky Stick!
Doflamingo: I'll put you out of your misery.  It's the least I can do.
Law: Dammit! Dammit...
Doflamingo: Why did you stop me? I'm just trying to smash Law's head in!
Trébol: A clash of Conqueror's Haki! He can use it too?!
Bartolomeo: What the... what the hell is going on?!
Law: Straw Hatter... I knew he had it!
Trébol: You're the man chosen by the heavens! Do you want me to give you... the strength to take revenge?
Doflamingo: People I want to murder... There's so many!
Trébol: Straw Hat! You're nothing compared to Doffy! And what happened to you?
Citizen: Don't forgive them! Kill them! I'm so glad I got a chance for revenge! I thought I'd have to bear it silently all my life!
Homing: Doffy!
Rocinante: Brother! Help!
Homing: My children have done nothing wrong!  Aim your arrows at me instead! Please!  Don't harm my children!
Rocinante: It hurts, Father!  I can't take it anymore!
Doflamingo: I'll get even... I'll get even with you bastards!
Rocinante: Brother...
Doflamingo: I won't die! I'm gonna survive, no matter what you do to me, and I will... I will come back and murder  every single one of you jerks!
Trébol: Wh-Wh... What?! Everyone got knocked out?!
Doflamingo: Yup.
Trébol: That must be Haki!
Doflamingo: "Haki"?
Trébol: And what's more, it's the Conqueror's Haki! That's proof that you have the qualities of a king. Doflamingo! You're the man chosen by the heavens! Now... if you're really a man, then put yourself to the test. There someone out there you wanna kill? Do you want me to give you... the strength to take revenge?
Doflamingo: People I want to murder.... There's so many! Why did you take my power away?! We can't undo what you've done now! I'm going back to the Holy Land by taking your head!
Homing: Doflamingo.  Rocinante. I'm sorry that you had to have... a father like me.
Trébol: Doffy's different!   He's of a totally different caliber! His birth nurtured madness in him!   His fate fed him anger! Those things turned this man into the perfect demon! He is no less than the ultimate evil! Doffy is... the one true king, chosen by the heavens!
Luffy: I don't give a damn! Mingo!
Trébol: Doffy is a charismatic evil.
Luffy: Eat this! Mingo! Gomu Gomu no...
Trébol: Doffy's madness will... destroy everything!
Luffy: Eagle... Bazooka!
Doflamingo: Athlete String! You're in my way, Straw Hat!
Narrator: Luffy clashes with Trébol,  the last top commander standing. However, none of his Haki-infused attacks work against Trébol, and he is driven into a corner. When Trébol unleashes a secret technique that will set everything around him ablaze, Luffy and Law are pushed to the extreme!
