Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: To defeat one of the Four Emperors, rulers of the New World, Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo, and were captured along with the rest of the island. The commanders of the  Donquixote Family have fallen, one after another, in tough battles with the Straw Hats. Finally, only Doflamingo remains. The time has come for a duel between Luffy and Doflamingo... that will shake Dress Rosa to its very core!
Law: I'm a ship's captain, too! If I leave both you and Doflamingo in Straw Hatter's hands, I'll lose face!
Trébol: You can't even move!  What can you do? Damned worm! Die!
Law: Tact!
Trébol: What are you- His arm?!
Law: Sterben!
Trébol: I can't believe you used... your severed arm! You insolent worm! Now it's come to this... Law... You die as well!
Law: Oh, shit!  He's gonna light us up!
Trébol: I'm taking you with me!
Robin: Look!  Even Trafalgar Law,  a Warlord of the Sea just like Doflamingo, has been gravely injured!
Leo: Lawland!
Robin: Luffy!  Send Traf-kun this way!
Luffy: Robin!  Thanks for the help! Take care of him!  Traf's done enough to corner Mingo!
Robin: It can't be... his arm! Cien Fleur: Spider Net!
Leo: Lawland's arm is...
Robin: How terrible...  Traf-kun, stay with me!
Doflamingo: Nico Robin! Don't do anything unnecessary! He's still breathing. I haven't dismissed him yet.
Kyros: Doflamingo!
Luffy: That bastard's still going for Traf!
Doflamingo: I'll finish you off!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Doflamingo: Bullet String!
Luffy: ...Hawk Whip! Damn!
Kyros: Robiland!
Luffy: Traf!  Robin!
Cavendish: Precious Metal Axe!
Robin: Cabbage-kun!
Cavendish: I'm sorry.  I just woke up. Haven't you settled this yet, Straw Hat?!
Luffy: Cabbage! Take everyone and get off this plateau!
Cavendish: Don't be absurd! Doflamingo's standing right here in front of me! Let me get in at least one hit!
Luffy: I'm leaving everybody else in your hands!
Cavendish: Le... Leave them in my hands? Trust... Respect... Popularity! Straw Hat's now my fan. A fan is asking me a favor... I can't turn it down! Bartolomeo should be on the lower level. Let's use his powers to get down from here!
Kyros: Can you treat him somehow, Leo?
Leo: The cut is ragged. If I can manage to sew him together...
Mansherry: If you can do that, I can heal him with my Watering Can.
Rebecca: Thank you, Princess Mansherry. In any case, we'd better do as Lucy said and head down.
Bartolomeo: Whoa... Kickass! Whoa... Kickass! The way he took down Pica was so awesome!
Cavendish: Hey, Bartolomeo! Make stairs with your barrier!
Bartolomeo: Zoro-senpai! Forever!
Cavendish: Are you even listening, you ass?!
Bartolomeo: I don't take orders from bizarre schizophrenic creeps!
Cavendish: Make stairs for Nico Robin and the rest!  Hurry up!
Bartolomeo: Oh, it's for Robin-senpai?
Doflamingo: That's quite enough, Straw Hat. Law is suffering because he can't die. It's better to put him out of his misery.
Luffy: If that's what you wanna do, do it after you beat me!
Doflamingo: You're looking quite drained out as it is.
Luffy: Same goes for you! There's no way all those attacks from Traf left you without a scratch! Bazooka!
Doflamingo: You've definitely got speed, but... your attacks have no weight to them. Overheat! This brings back memories! Ever since you caused that infamous Crocodile to be stripped of his title, I've been keeping an eye on you! Crocodile was defeated? By a captain from Navy HQ? Those liars.  There must be a catch. See?  It's gotta be him. His bounty jumped up. Find out about this crew.  I've never heard of them. Monkey... "D."? And the Paramount War in which you fell from the sky! I can't believe you survived and made it this far!
Law: Wait!
Cavendish: You're awake, Trafalgar!
Law: Leave me... here!
Cavendish: What are you saying?!
Law: For the past thirteen years... I've stayed alive just to kill Doflamingo. I've done... everything I can. I've gotta leave the rest to Straw Hatter. If he's gonna win, I want to witness it with my own eyes, here! If he loses, I need to be here and... die along with him! I... got him involved in this fight. I wanna see this through, right here.   Just leave me!
Cavendish: Trafalgar...
Robin: Traf-kun... Captains in an alliance must be on equal footing. Luffy is here... of his own free will. He won't fight if he doesn't have the will to do so.
Law: Leave me here... I'm begging you!
Cavendish: I guess there's no talking you out of it, huh? Nico Robin, go on ahead.
Robin: Cabbage-kun!
Bartolomeo: Robin-senpai!  Help is on the way! Bari-ability: Stairs!
Cavendish: I can't abide by a death wish. I'll stay here, too. You'll just have to deal with it. If you're gonna die, it's gonna be after me.
Bartolomeo: Robin-senpai! Come on down!
Rebecca: Robin-san! Bartolomeo made us stairs!
Cavendish: Go. Here, take this. You have to go, Nico Robin. Let me look after him.
Robin: Thank you, Cabbage-kun.
Leo: Robiland! We'll stay here, too! We can't leave the wounded Lawland here like this.
Usopp: What're we gonna do, what're we gonna do?! What can we do to stop it?!
Kin'emon: Zoro-dono, where are you going?
Kanjuurou: It is quite dangerous!
Zoro: You guys, come with me!
Usopp: Hey, Zoro!
Kanjuurou: I presume he has some sort of idea. Off we go!
Luffy: Mingo! Where'd that come from?! Gear Second! Gomu Gomu no... Red Hawk! Damn!  Then how about this? Gear Third! Gomu Gomu no... Grizzly Magnum!
Doflamingo: You're wide open! So you don't wanna let Law's attack go to waste, huh? How long will it take you... to take me down? You know, the one hour time limit... is the time you have left until the bird cage contracts completely. I'm sure there are people with bum legs. There are also the bedridden old people and suckling babies. Who will be the first victims? After 30 minutes, casualties will begin appearing. After 40 minutes,  we'll start hearing their screams here. And after 50 minutes, the whole country will be covered in red, as though tomatoes were crushed. After an hour, there will not be a single voice left to be heard. I know that what happens to Dress Rosa is none of your concern.  However... Those meeting their end today will  bear grudges against the lot of you. If only you guys hadn't come here,   Dress Rosa could have remained peaceful!
Luffy: Liar!  It only looked that way!
Doflamingo: Wherever you go in the world,  you'll always find unfortunate souls. If you try to save them all, there's no end. You're just a pirate passing through, and you're gonna play hero? How dare you stand in my way!
Luffy: Wrong!  You're in my way! You made my friends cry and my crewmates angry! But you still haven't gone down, so I'm taking everything upon myself! I won't let anybody die! You and your bird cage are standing in my way! Gear... Fourth!
Narrator: Luffy's secret strategy, his new ultimate technique, finally bursts forth! Luffy's power, speed, and every other attribute evolves to unimaginable heights and overwhelms Doflamingo! A breathtakingly fierce turnabout onslaught begins!
