Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo, and were captured along with the rest of the island. The commanders of the  Donquixote Family have fallen, one after another, in tough battles with the Straw Hats. Finally, only Doflamingo remains. The time has come for a duel between Luffy and Doflamingo... that will shake Dress Rosa to its very core!
Law: I've gotta leave the rest to Straw Hatter. If he's gonna win, I want to witness it with my own eyes, here!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Grizzly Magnum!
Doflamingo: You're wide open! Wherever you go in the world,  you'll always find unfortunate souls. If you try to save them all, there's no end. You're just a pirate passing through, and you're gonna play hero? How dare you stand in my way!
Luffy: Wrong!  You're in my way! You made my friends cry and my crewmates angry! But you still haven't gone down,  so I'm taking everything upon myself! I won't let anybody die! You and your bird cage are standing in my way! Gear... Fourth! Gear Fourth! The Amazing Bound-Man!
Marine: Run!  Run!
Citizen: Run to the center of the island! Th-The buildings that haven't been sliced apart yet... ...are being pushed by the cage and closing in on us! The country's growing smaller and smaller!
Orlumbus: The bird cage is shrinking?
Chinjao: So that's what's causing all the commotion.
Baby 5: This is the true terror of the bird cage. The full account of how he robbed the country has been revealed to the nation. Things won't be going his way anymore. That's why he wants to destroy everything. The young master does such things without hesitation, dear!
Sai: I can't believe this! This is a really big deal!
Baby 5: Oh!  I called him "dear" again! Here we come, oh passionate, sweet married life!
Sai: I can't just stand here and wait for death  while sucking my thumb! Rouse our fallen allies right away!
Orlumbus: Alright!
Chinjao: Oh, he's taking command of the strong warriors. He's developing more and more as a leader.
Baby 5: Oh!  That makes me the one  taking command of things in our home!
Viola: If the battle lasts long enough, this plateau will be cut into pieces, too.
Usopp: What?!  I thought this is the center of the country! This isn't the safest place?
Viola: Look at the sky! The center of the bird cage is shifting, little by little. The center of contraction is probably the current Royal Palace Grounds, where Doflamingo is! That means this place will eventually...
Usopp: Hurry up, Hack!  Please hurry up!
Hack: Stop shaking me!
Kinemon: We have finally descended,  but there seems to be quite the commotion!
Zoro: That way, huh?
Kanjuurou: Zoro-dono!
Kinemon: Where are you going?
Zoro: It's obvious, isn't it? I'm going to stop that, of course! That!
Kinemon: "That"?
Cavendish: What a surprise. I didn't know there were gnomes in Dress Rosa. On top of that, their princess even has the power to heal. I hope your arm is reconnected properly. They said when blood starts flowing, it's cured.
Law: I know.  I'm a doctor.
Cavendish: When I saw the underground trade port, I understood. This battle... Even if we do take down Doflamingo, it won't be over. It'll cause tremendous ripples across the world. And you guys will be the eye of the storm.
Law: Yeah. That's the plan.
Doflamingo: "Gear Fourth"?
Luffy: That's right. In order to send you flying, I'll grow stronger! It's neither Second, nor Third! Muscle Balloon! Gear... Fourth! Bound-Man!
Doflamingo: Whoa, whoa, is this some kind of joke? You've grown quite large. Look at that over-inflated body of yours! I thought you had an ace  up your sleeve or something... Get serious!
Luffy: This is my ace and I am serious!
Doflamingo: You can't even stand up straight,  being all rubber and bouncing like that. How're you gonna send me flying like that?
Luffy: For two years, I fought against monstrously huge, savage beasts! To force them into submission, I needed this giant body and bounciness!
Doflamingo: How will bounciness help you...
Luffy: Shut up! You won't... be able to do a damn thing! Gomu Gomu no... Kong... Gun!
Citizen: Wh-What happened? It fell from the sky.
Robin: What was that?
Viola: I can't believe it!
Usopp: What's wrong, Viola?  Did you see something?
Viola: Straw Hat turned into something I've never seen before... and Doflamingo...
Citizen: I-It's Doflamingo! But why?
Marine: Back off, back off! Why are you here, Doflamingo?!
Doflamingo: That's what I'd  like to know!
Citizen: Run!  He's gonna kill us all! There's nowhere to run!   It's just the bird cage out there!
Doflamingo: Downtown, eh? I was flung pretty far... He's bouncing off the air! Overheat!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Rhino Schneider!
Citizen: Somebody else came! He's huge!  And he kicked Doflamingo away! Who is that ball-like guy?
Usopp: What's going on?  Is Luffy winning?
Viola: Amazing...
Bartolomeo: Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Luffy-senpai! Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Luffy-senpai! Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Luffy-senpai! Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Luffy-senpai! Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Luffy-senpai! Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Luffy-senpai! Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Luffy-senpai! Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Luffy-senpai! So strong! What is that?  A new technique? It's gotta be a new technique! Hey, you! Do you know how awesome this is?! We're witnessing such a rare moment! We couldn't be luckier! Oh, I can't stop shaking!
Kyros: Can't see!
Rebecca: Lucy...
Doflamingo: Dammit! By hardening his skin with the Color of Arms, he's multiplied its tension! That ball bastard! He's nothing but rubber! Straw Hat, stop screwing with me! Pentachromatic Strings! Bullet String!
Luffy: I told you! You're no match for Gear Fourth! Here I come, Mingo! Prepare yourself!
Doflamingo: Don't push your luck!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Culverin!
Doflamingo: Athlete String! He's hardened, yet still rubbery?!
Luffy: Attacks like that... won't work!
Doflamingo: I can't believe this!
Luffy: You won't get away, Mingo! I'm gonna kick your ass!
Doflamingo: Why?!  Now he just keeps stretching!
Luffy: Keep going after him, Python!
Doflamingo: Dammit! Just how far can he stretch?! Enough!  Down you go!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Culverin!
Narrator: The tremendous power of Gear Fourth forces Doflamingo into a corner. Just when it seems like Dress Rosa will finally be liberated, Doflamingo starts fighting back. A whole new aspect to the Devil Fruits,  and their formidable true power, is revealed!
