Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo, and were captured along with the rest of the island. The commanders of the  Donquixote Family have fallen, one after another, in tough battles with the Straw Hats. Finally, only Doflamingo remains. The time has come for a duel between Luffy and Doflamingo... that will shake Dress Rosa to its very core!
Doflamingo: "Gear Fourth"?
Luffy: Muscle Balloon! Gear... Fourth! Bound-Man! Rhino Schneider! Gomu Gomu no... Culverin!
Doflamingo: Athlete String!
Luffy: Attacks like that... won't work! Gomu Gomu no... Culverin! Massive Counterattack! Doflamingo's Awakening!
Citizen: That rubber ball is... ...overwhelming... ...Doflamingo! You're right! Who is that guy?! Who cares who he is?! Go for it! You can do it!
Cavendish: Did you see that?!
Law: Yeah...
Cavendish: I can't believe how he changed. Is that really Straw Hat? He's overpowering the formidable Doflamingo! He's amazingly strong!
Law: But he's overusing his Haki.
Cavendish: Overusing his... Haki?
Burgess: Straw Hat... Where'd he go? Oh, there he is. They went to play somewhere else. And here I took the trouble to come and watch them!
Koala: Captain of the first ship of the  Blackbeard Pirates, Jesus Burgess. I was wondering where he went after the battle in the Colosseum... And now he's right here!
Burgess: Chase 'em or wait for 'em... Either way, I won't let 'em get away! I'm gonna get what I came for!
Koala: Just as I thought, he's after Luffy-kun and the others. But what's he really after?
Riku: Viola. So, all that remains is the decisive battle between him and Luffy-kun?
Viola: Yes, that's right, Father. Of those ranked commander and above, Doflamingo is the only one remaining.
Riku: If Luffy-kun takes out Doflamingo, the bird cage slicing up the town will vanish, and the Doflamingo Family will crumble. Is that what you mean?
Viola: Yes.
Zoro: Where'd they go?!  Did they get lost?
Kin'emon: Zoro-dono! You are headed the wrong way!
Zoro: What?!
Kin'emon: If we allow you to lead with your awful sense of direction, we will never reach our destination!
Kanjuurou: Well, why not ride upon this?
Zoro: What the hell kind of weird "ride" is that?
Kin'emon: This is an Escape Sparrow. Kanjuurou called it over from the Royal Grounds.
Kanjuurou: No need to be shy.   Now, make haste and climb on.
Zoro: Me?  Get on this Stupid Sparrow?
Kanjuurou: It is an Escape Sparrow.
Zoro: I can't say I like it, but I have no choice.
Kanjuurou: Let us be off!
Kin'emon: Escape Sparrow!  You can do it!
Franky: So it's finally reached us here. Outta the factory, Tontattans!
Gnomes: Okay!
Franky: We're outta here!  Get a super move on and get out!
Chao: We've finished rescuing our stranded friends in the factory!
Franky: Alright!
Wicca: The factory is tilting!
Inhel: Fraland! Why is the Smile Factory the only building that isn't being cut up?
Franky: "Only" the factory? I get it, it's the Sea Stone!
Inhel: Sea Stone?
Franky: Yeah, the outer walls of the factory are made of Sea Stone. So strings created by a Devil Fruit user can't cut it... But, look! It's starting to be pushed! Hm?  That's...
Zoro: Franky!
Kin'emon: Oh, Robot-dono!
Wicca: Zoroland!  Topknotland!
Franky: Hey, Zoro, Kin'emon! The center of the country is in the direction you just flew from! If you wanna run, you're going completely the wrong way.
Zoro: We ain't running! We're gonna stop the strings!
Franky: Stop them? Oh, I didn't even think about that!
Gnomes: What?!  That's so cool!
Zoro: Until Luffy settles this, we gotta buy some time!
Franky: Stop the strings... But how? Oh yeah!
Doflamingo: Using the Color of Arms to control the expansion and contraction of his rubber body any way he wants... A harmony of Arming and Rubber, huh?
Luffy: If I take too much time, Gear Fourth's gonna...
Doflamingo: You seem like you have excellent grasp of your abilities, but it must be quite the burden. Surely there are some risks.
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Doflamingo: Straw Hat, how many more  seconds will you last?
Luffy: ...Double...
Doflamingo: My strings, however, will never run out!
Luffy: ...Culverin!
Doflamingo: Off-White String!
Luffy: H-How are his strings  coming out of the ground?! What did you do to this town?!
Doflamingo: Listen up, fledgling! Devil Fruit abilities have yet another stage to them, called "Awakening"!
Luffy: The buildings turned into strings!
Doflamingo: In rare instances, an ability will "awaken"  and begin to affect things other than its user's body!
Luffy: All kinds of things are turning into strings! This doesn't look like the power of a Paramecia!
Doflamingo: Anything that surrounds you, I can turn to string! You can't even come near me! And when your strength gives out, my body will have...
Luffy: He just keeps comin'...
Doflamingo: Keep expending your power like that! The moment your Haki gives out, I'll finish you off!
Citizen: It's gonna slice us!  Run! Get to downtown, whatever it takes! Hurry up or get cut up!
Girl A: Oh, Grandma! Grandma, stand up!  The strings'll cut you!
Grandma: I can't... I can't run anymore... Leave me here and go on ahead.
Girl A: No way, no way!  I can't do something like that!
Grandma: I won't survive this anyway.
Girl A: Please, get up!
Grandma: Even if I get up,  I definitely can't run all the way downtown!
Doctor: Somebody, give us a hand! There are still patients in the hospital! We can't carry them all by ourselves!  I'm begging you! Be-Beg... ging...
Citizen: My son's missing!  Has anyone seen him?! He's wearing a Kuma shirt!  He's five years old! Anybody!  Have you seen my son?! My son... Outta my way! We're all gonna die anyway. We should just give up. No matter how far we run, we're still in a cage. We'll all be killed by Doflamingo. It's easier... if we just give up. Your majesty...
Riku: Everybody, please listen to me. This is... the former king of Dress Rosa, Riku Dold the Third.
Citizen: Wh-What? K-King Riku...
Riku: Currently, our country is trapped within an inescapable bird cage, as part of a game started by the current king, Doflamingo. In addition, that vicious bird cage continues to shrink, carving up the town with it.
Citizen: King Riku...
Riku: All too suddenly, reality befell all of you. I am sure your emotions have not had the chance to catch up to you, and right now you are simply trying to save your own life, or the life of someone else! However, this is not a dream! Nor is this a tragedy that has begun only today! For a decade, we have lived in this bird cage called "Dress Rosa", under the reign of pirates! For a decade, we lived as puppets manipulated by them. Such is our reality! However, that shall soon end! The Donquixote Family that we thought nobody could match... is on the verge of defeat, at the hands of the mighty warriors... that are in this country by coincidence! The Family's commanders have already fallen!
Citizen: Really?!
Pirate: Those commanders were...
Marine: He's saying they were taken down?
Riku: The only enemy remaining to be defeated... is the current king of Dress Rosa, Doflamingo! And the one fighting him is the pirate, Straw Hat Luffy! I believe that he is the man  that will destroy this bird cage! Despite being the former king, I still feel very impotent, as all I can do is stake this country's fate upon some strange pirate! However, I cannot help but cry out like this! Whether he wins or loses, it will be over in less than an hour! Until then, survive!  Do whatever it takes! I do not want a single one of you to be crushed by this shrinking country! Please, keep running! Even if you run out of breath, or if your legs break! Stay alive for just a few more minutes! There is still hope! Please don't give up!
Doctor: We'll give it our all, even without help!
Nurses: Okay!
Grandma: Alright!  Let's get goin', grandkid!
Girl A: 'Kay, Grandma!
Citizen: Me, too!
Marine: Just like His Majesty said...
Pirate: We won't give up!  We're running downtown!
Citizen: Carry the sick! Grab those beds!
Boy A: Mommy!
Citizen: Survive until the battle ends!
Grandma: Straw Hat Luffy's gonna take down Doflamingo for us!
Girl A: Uh-huh!
Luffy: Mingo!
Narrator: With his awakened Devil Fruit abilities, Doflamingo turns the whole town to string... and launches a full-scale attack. The situation is dire: with nowhere to run and the time limit for Gear Fourth closing in, Luffy initiates a decisive, deadly charge!
