Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo, and were captured along with the rest of the island. But thanks to the Straw Hats' involvement, the Donquixote Family commanders have been defeated, one after another. Finally, only Doflamingo remains. However, Doflamingo is attempting to kill everyone in the country by constricting the bird cage. As the moment of Dress Rosa's annihilation nears, the deadly battle between Luffy and Doflamingo at last enters its final phase.
Doflamingo: About time you dropped dead.
Luffy: I'm runnin' out of time!
Doflamingo: Billow White!
Luffy: Mingo! I'm gonna blow you away!
Doflamingo: You damn brat!
Luffy: I'm ending this! Gomu Gomu no... Leo Bazooka!
Law & Luffy: The bird cage isn't gone!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Citizen: Hey, what's the matter, Straw Hat Luffy?
Luffy: Flame Dragon King Protect Luffy's Life
Citizen: S-Straw Hat Luffy... M-Maybe... he can't fight anymore... If you go near him,  you'll get caught up in their fight and die! Don't get involved! Get away from the pirate!
Gatz: Straw Hat the Pirate! Stay with me!  Hey! Can you still fight?! Do you recognize me? I'm Gatz! The announcer from the Colosseum, Gatz! The unknown gladiator, Lucy's true identity... was you, wasn't it?
Luffy: Uh-huh.
Gatz: I thought so! There aren't many small guys who are that strong! Doflamingo's on his way! What are you gonna do about your duel? Is there anything I can do?
Luffy: I need ten minutes...
Gatz: Ten minutes?
Luffy: After I use Bound-Man,  I can't use Haki for ten minutes afterward.
Gatz: B-Boun...
Luffy: I gotta keep my distance, but I dunno what he's  gonna do during that time. If I can regain my Haki, I'm sure I can settle this in one blow!
Doflamingo: Are you gonna bounce up and down like a rubber ball again, Straw Hat? I'm... back.
Gatz: Ten minutes! Then, his horrible reign will be over? Hey, if we give you ten minutes, you'll free us from the bird cage, right?! Hey, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I promise!
Gatz: Alright! Ten minutes! We'll leave it up to you guys!
Gladiator: You can count on us! Ten minutes'll pass by in a flash! You better come back quick and bring down that damn Dofla, Lucy! We'll hang in there!
Gatz: They're all competitors from the tournament! The ones who wouldn't help you earlier!
Gladiator: Sorry, Lucy! We were blinded by greed over the prizes on your heads! We didn't even dream that Doflamingo could be driven into a corner! Sorry! As a token of our apology, we'll put our trust in you and risk our lives! If we happen to beat him first, sorry! Thanks for everything, Mr. Heavenly Yaksha! Why don't you hang out with us for a while? Here he comes, here he comes! Kick his ass!
Gatz: Alright, now's our chance! The remaining half of you, follow me! Listen up, guys!  Ten minutes!  Ten minutes to go! No matter what, we gotta push through!
Luffy: Coming...
Burgess: Die, Straw Hat!
Gatz: B-Burgess?!
Luffy: Sabo!
Sabo: Luffy! His Haki is fading.
Burgess: Die, Straw Hat!
Gladiator: Th-That guy... Oh, the three-star outlaw!
Gatz: Wh-What?!
Gladiator: The Revolutionary Army's Chief of Staff!
Luffy: Sabo!
Sabo: I am Sabo of the Revolutionary Army! Straw Hat Luffy is my little brother! Something you want from him, Burgess?
Burgess: Straw Hat is your brother? I've heard that somewhere before.
Sabo: Fire Fist Ace said the same thing, didn't he?   The three of us are brothers.
Burgess: Ace? I see.  I get it now.
Sabo: After the duel on Banaro Island, you, the Blackbeard Pirates, captured Ace. That was the trigger for that damnable Paramount War.
Blackbeard: Die in darkness!
Ace: Fire Emperor!
Blackbeard: The sun or the darkness - there can only be one winner!
Ace: I'm gonna make Whitebeard the king!
Sabo: Ace lived his own life the way he chose to. I'm not going to hold a grudge against you for it or anything... but I'm watching Luffy's back from now on! Remember that!
Burgess: I have no interest in your relationship to him! Don't get in my way. I've got no business with you or the Revolutionary Army! I only have business with...
Sabo: No business with me?  Not even personally? I can eat it, right?
Burgess: Dammit, he ate the Mera Mera Fruit!
Sabo: Ace! I'm using your technique! Fire Fist!
Burgess: I see.  That was you.
Gatz: Huh?  The Mera Mera?
Sabo: Hey, Luffy. You've taken some real damage. Doflamingo's on his way,  and I think my hands'll be full with Burgess.
Luffy: I'll be fine. Cats and the others will buy me some time.
Gatz: It's Gatz!
Luffy: I'll take down Mingo, no matter what!
Sabo: You've become so dependable! Leave this one to me!
Luffy: Sabo. You ate Ace's Fruit, didn't you?
Sabo: I wouldn't let anybody else have it. It's a memento of him!
Luffy: That's great!
Burgess: I'll be taking that power!
Sabo: Take care of him, Pets!
Gatz: It's Gatz, and I'm on it!
Burgess: Galleon... Lariat!
Sabo: Burning Dragon Claw Fist!
Burgess: So hot!
Sabo: Flame Dragon King!
Gladiator: C-Can't believe it! He blew away a subordinate of one of the Four Emperors! Powerful! That's what I'd expect from the Revolutionary Army's second-in-command!
Sabo: As soon as he saw the Mera Mera Fruit's power, he changed his focus to me. So his objective is... ...as they say. He's hunting down Devil Fruit users.
Gatz: Hey, Lucy!  What gives? I thought you won the competition and took the Mera Mera Fruit...
Luffy: The Lucy in the finals wasn't me. I had somewhere to be, so Sabo took my place.
Gatz: Oh, so that's what happened. That's against the rules! But it all worked out, yeah. Inheriting your late brother's ability makes for an exciting story. Well, whatever! In any case, your recovery is the only hope Dress Rosa has left!
Gladiator: What's with that bastard? He still has the energy to do this? Don't hesitate! We gotta stall him as much as we can!
Doflamingo: Annoying weaklings! I don't need any energy to wipe you out! Show yourself, Straw Hat! I'll make you regret everything. Straw Hat!
Narrator: Zoro and Franky stand up to stop the bird cage. However, the constriction intensifies, as if trying to crush all hope. And just as the moment of annihilation is about to arrive before Luffy's recovery, a miraculous light shines upon Dress Rosa!
