Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo, and were trapped inside the bird cage along with the rest of the island. But thanks to the Straw Hats' involvement, the Donquixote Family commanders have been defeated, one after another. Finally, only Doflamingo remains. However, Doflamingo is attempting to kill everyone in the country by constricting the bird cage. As the moment of Dress Rosa's annihilation nears, the deadly battle between Luffy and Doflamingo at last enters its final phase.
Gatz: The unknown gladiator, Lucy's true identity... was you, wasn't it?
Luffy: Uh-huh.
Gatz: Doflamingo's on his way! What are you gonna do about your duel? Is there anything I can do?
Luffy: I need ten minutes...
Gatz: Ten minutes?
Luffy: If I can regain my Haki, I'm sure I can settle this in one blow!
Gatz: Hey, if we give you ten minutes, you'll free us from the bird cage, right?! Hey, Straw Hat!
Luffy: I promise!
Doflamingo: Show yourself, Straw Hat! I'll make you regret everything.
Luffy: The Miraculous Tears Mansherry's Fight!
Citizen: That bastard, Doflamingo!  He'll go to any length! What else is he gonna do?! First he made the bird cage, and now he's turning the town into strings! Dress Rosa is done for! Just run!  The only way to survive  is to get away from the downtown area! The whole area's a war zone!  If you get caught up in it, you're dead meat! I'm not gonna get cut up by that bird cage crap! Hurry toward the downtown area! Hey, don't push! Watch out!  I'm gonna get crushed! I have children! Stop!  Stop! Cut it out!  Don't push! Hey, why're you running in the opposite direction?! We gotta get to the downtown area! Downtown's a war zone now! What?! A war zone? Doflamingo's running wild looking for Straw Hat! If you head downtown, you'll be cut up by his strings! What?  Then... Where do we run?! King Riku, what are we supposed to do?
Sai: How are they doing?
Bartolomeo: Not good! They're down for the count... they can't even stand up!
Elizabello: Even this proud warrior of Elbaf used up all of his strength?
Robin: What's that?
Elizabello: Hajrudin!
Zoro: Arming.
Kin'emon: What are you doing, Zoro-dono? Trying to stop it with your swords?! It is not something you can stop by merely pushing!
Zoro: How would you know? If you have time to jabber on that  it's impossible, then gimme a hand, you slow-ass idiots! It's just one person's ability! There's no real reason for me to believe I can't stop it!
Kanjuurou: Shall we, Kin'emon?
Kin'emon: We shall!
Franky: You ready?!
Gnomes: We are!
Franky: The factory's made of Sea Stone!   It can't be damaged! Let me see that freakish strength of yours! Alright!  Ready! Push the factory! Push, push!
Gnomes: Push!
Franky: Not yet, not yet!  Push, push! Push!
Robin: Zoro and the others are pushing against the bird cage?
Viola: Yes.
Robin: Is it even possible to stop it?
Viola: I don't know.  I would have never thought of it.
Robin: Roger!  That's so like him.
Grunt: This is the will of the young master!
Citizen: What?!  Get out of our way!
Grunt: How rude. Come no closer!   These are the New Royal Grounds! Only members of the Donquixote Family may enter!
Citizen: What "Family"?  Even the commanders are gone! But this is the safest place to be!  Let us climb up!
Grunt: Shut up!  You damn fools are condemned criminals! The young master has decreed that  this country will be completely cleansed!
Bartolomeo: Bari Bari no... Pistol! Outta our way, left-overs!
Citizen: It's the fighters from the Colosseum! Bartolomeo! Hajrudin! Don Chinjao!
Elizabello: Punch!
Citizen: Army Commander Kyros is here, too!
Hajrudin: How am I able to move?
Dagama: I'm wondering the same thing.   I didn't think I could move with those injuries.
Leo: Don't let your guard down just yet! By decision of Princess Mansherry, Dress Rosa has been placed on life support!
Hajrudin: Life support?
Dagama: What do you mean, gnome?
Kyros: In any case, everybody!  Claw your way to the plateau! The center of the bird cage is moving this way!
Citizen: Hooray! You saved us, Kyros-sama!
Sai: Hey, men don't depend on others! Those of you who are able-bodied, come with us!
Baby 5: Huh?  "Come with me"?!
Gladiator: Hey, where're ya going?! Doflamingo!
Doflamingo: If he's not gonna come out,  I'm gonna make him come out! Straw Hat...
Citizen: I said don't push! What's that noise? W-What the... Hey, that's... Isn't it moving faster than before?! No doubt about it! The bird cage is closing in even faster! It's all over...  We've really had it this time! Please save us, Your Majesty! We're not gonna make it!
Riku: Stop it, Doflamingo!
Burgess: Arming! Take this! You sure are shrewd!
Sabo: I could say the same about you! Is it speeding up? We don't have much time, Luffy.
Viola: The way the strings are moving has changed. They're moving faster!
Usopp: What?!  That's totally not fair! What're we gonna do?!
Citizen: We won't make it!
Zoro: It's moving faster?!
Kanjuurou: I-Indeed it is!
Kin'emon: The pressure is rising!
Zoro: Push!  Put more power into it!
Kin'emon: Come on!
Franky: Push!
Gnomes: Push!
Franky: What's the matter?
Gnomes: We're being pushed back!
Franky: It's speeding up... Don't let it get the better of you! Push harder than you've ever pushed before!
Gnome: Okay! Push!
Gnomes: Push!
Bartolomeo: Alright, now's our chance to show off!
Colosseum Fighters: Yeah!
Doflamingo: Come on out, Straw Hat...
Citizen: Help us! Hurry!  It's shrinking faster!
Narrator: Three minutes remain until the bird cage reaches the downtown area and the blood bath begins.
Gatz: You've gotta be kidding! We won't make it in time!
Narrator: Four minutes remain until  Luffy's Haki is regained. This leaves a one minute difference between... the moment the bird cage closes completely  and the moment Luffy awakens.
Gladiator: How dare that punk do that?! Before Lucy comes to, this country will be shred to pieces! We gotta do something about it ourselves! Take down Doflamingo, and the bird cage goes away!
Doflamingo: You really are dense. My message to you should be clear: "Give me Straw Hat."
Bartolomeo: Barrier!
Chinjao: It's holding up!
Robin: That's our Rooster-kun!
Bartolomeo: Oh, Robin-senpai! I don't deserve such words of praise! Now, let's do this, guys! My barrier will never break! Push! Follow Zoro-senpai!
Elizabello: King!
Sai: All together now, and push!
Robin: How strange. How can they exert that much power with those injured bodies? Just a few minutes ago, they were burned out and couldn't even stand up. What was all that fluff?
Leo: They were Dandehealions.
Robin: "Dandehealions"?
Leo: That's right! They're dandelions made from Princess Mansherry's tears.
Citizen: Wait for me, wait for me! Hurry up, or you'll get torn to shreds! Run faster! I can't, dammit! I can't believe I twisted my ankle at a time like this!
Mansherry: Hang in there!
Citizen: Huh?!  I can run! He's way too fast!  What's going on?!
Leo: Dandehealion petals can miraculously heal people over a wide area. Princess Mansherry is worried about  what's happening to Dress Rosa, and so she's shedding tears. I truly believe it will save many lives!
Robin: So that's why those previously immobile fighters are...
Leo: However, the drawback of this ability is... that it's only a temporary recovery, lasting for just a few minutes! It's unfortunate, but they'll revert to their  former state when time's up! So this is a last-ditch life support measure for our survival!
Citizen: The pain just suddenly left! I can run!  I can escape! It's a miracle, doctor! The gods themselves must have descended to save our country!
Mansherry: Hang in there, Dress Rosa!
Riku: It's not over yet. I still see the light of hope. Dress Rosa shall never perish!
Mansherry: Kabu-san...
Kabu: Yes, Princess Mansherry?
Mansherry: This is how I fight! I don't know how to use weapons, and I can't bring down bad people, but... the tears won't stop!
Kabu: Yes, it's very you! An honorable way to fight!
Assistant: Gatz-san, Lucy still needs more time to recover! But I believe many people will die before that happens!
Gatz: I know!  But I can't send  an incapacitated fighter into the ring! Whatever happens,  I won't give him up before he's recovered! Who's there? T... T-T-Trafalgar Law! The W-W-Warlo...
Law: You guys... don't you think you're running too much?
Gatz: Oh, that's because... Um...
Law: Will he regain his Haki?
Gatz: O-Oh, the thing is... He told me that he needed ten minutes, and now we've got three minutes and twenty seconds to go!
Law: No time to lose, then. I'll take care of him from here.
Gatz: Okay!
Narrator: Less than three minutes remain until the bird cage closes completely. The tough fighters, revived by Mansherry's ability, and the Navy... join forces with the Straw Hats tackling the bird cage, and an all-out battle to  save Dress Rosa begins. Viola and Rebecca also take action,  risking their lives to support Luffy's recovery!
