Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the  Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo, and were caged in with the rest of the island. But thanks to the Straw Hats' involvement, the Donquixote Family commanders  have been defeated, one after another. Finally, only Doflamingo remains.
Doflamingo: I don't criticize my associates for their mistakes. However, I don't condone betrayal.
Viola: Rebecca!
Rebecca: Viola-san... I can't control my body...
Narrator: However, Doflamingo is attempting to kill everyone in the country by constricting the bird cage. As the moment of Dress Rosa's annihilation nears, Luffy has incapacitated himself by expending his energy.
Luffy: I need ten minutes...
Gatz: Ten minutes?
Luffy: If I can regain my Haki, I'm sure I can settle this in one blow!
Gatz: Hey, if we give you ten minutes, you'll free us from the bird cage, right?!
Luffy: I promise! Live or Die Countdown of Destiny
Citizen: Don't fall behind!  Hurry up! Here!  Take my hand! Climb up to the plateau!
Zoro: It stopped once! We can keep on holding it back! Give it everything you've got, guys!
Kin'emon: Now is the time to pay back Luffy-dono for his efforts!
Kanjuurou: We are samurai of the Wano Kingdom!
Marine: Show 'em what the Navy's made of!
Franky: Stop the cage!
Bartolomeo: Every time these hands and feet back down, our defeat and certain death inch closer! Prepare yourselves and keep hanging on!
Dagama: Shut up!  You're distracting us!
Ideo: You don't have to tell us! This very moment is the time to fight!
Sai: That's the spirit, guys! Keep pushing with all your might!
Baby 5: Okay, honey!
Sai: Don't cling to me!
Hajrudin: Yeah... I have no intention of making this place my grave! I have a goal I want to achieve!
Bartolomeo: In that case, then till our bodies break... Let's make this the greatest thing we've ever done!
Mansherry: Please... Please be safe... As many lives as possible...
Assistant: Are you okay? Stay with us!
Viola: Stop it!  Don't involve Rebecca!
Rebecca: What am I... doing?! Viola-san!
Viola: Rebecca!
Doflamingo: Now, kill her.
Rebecca: Viola-san! Why am I doing this?!
Viola: Rebecca!
Rebecca: No! No, I don't wanna kill Viola-san! No!
Viola: Doflamingo!
Rebecca: Stop it!
Gatz: Alright, everyone! It won't be much longer!
Citizen: Wh-Who's talking? Who is that?  Now isn't the time! Where is he shouting from?
Gatz: Our star shall return!
Citizen: Oh, hey! There he is! You're the announcer from the Colosseum, Gatz! When did you get up there? And what are you up to?
Gatz: Everyone, have you forgotten?
Citizen: Now isn't the time to fool around! Our country is on the verge of destruction! You aren't the king!
Gatz: No, of course you haven't forgotten! That funny, bold star who burst onto the scene... in the tournament at the Corrida Colosseum today!
Cavendish: Star?! Don't tell me he's talking about... ...me! Well, I told you I'd stay here with you, but would you mind if I departed? Trafal... Gah!  Law!  He's gone! What... where did he go?!
Gatz: I have not forgotten! He tamed the killer bull feared by all, and toppled the towering Giant! He even knocked out the living legend, Don Chinjao! The little gladiator who made the Colosseum- Nay, the whole of Dress Rosa burst with excitement! Never before have I seen anyone fight so freely, and make a competition as thrilling as he did!
Citizen: I was there watching it!   He's talking about that guy, isn't he? I saw him at the Colosseum! I watched it on a screen in town!
Gatz: And his name is... Lucy!
Citizen: So what?  He's just some gladiator!
Rebecca: Lucy... Help me, Lucy...
Gatz: That's right!  It's Lucy! But that was just an alias! His real name is... The pirate, Straw Hat... Luffy!
Citizen: Wha... that's who Lucy was under his mask? But that's the guy King Riku mentioned earlier!
Gatz: Since we've been fooled by and been under the control of a pirate, it's probably difficult for us to trust another pirate! However... He's different from the Donquixote Family, who appeared disguised as heroes, on that night a decade ago! Straw Hat Luffy is the man that our true king, King Riku, called our "hope"! Earlier, he fought Doflamingo to within an inch of defeat!
Citizen: That little boy did ? I'll admit, he was really impressive at the Colosseum, but still... I want to trust him. I want to trust him! Me, too! We ended up like this because... we couldn't trust His Majesty a decade ago! This time, I'll trust someone! That guy... Lucy's going to... ...save...
Citizenry: ...our country!
Gatz: Right now, he's knocked out after being wounded in battle, but... It's not over yet! Tremble with joy, Dress Rosa! Lucy... swore this to me! Doflamingo will... ...be KOed in a single blow!
Sai: "KOed in a single blow", huh?
Chinjao: He's got a hell of a big mouth!
Bartolomeo: That's what I'd expect from Luffy-senpai!
Usopp: That's so Luffy!
Zoro: You've gotta do it...  We can't hold out much longer, Luffy!
Citizen: Amazing! Lucy!
Gatz: Are you listening, Doflamingo?! You... used our king as a puppet, deceived the world, and lived here in Dress Rosa as a false king! This will be your... execution stand!
Doflamingo: Gatz...
Gatz: I see everything you're up to, Doflamingo! If you want me, come and get me! Stay away from Viola-sama and Rebecca-sama! With all your efforts, we successfully delayed the bird cage from closing in! It won't be long before the star forged in the Colosseum, Lucy, comes back! Until that moment comes, hang in there!
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai!  Here we go!
Citizen: Hajrudin!
Ideo: D-Damn it, not now...
Robin: What the...
Gladiator: The injured who recovered earlier are collapsing again!
Leo: Time's up. The effects of the Dandehealions on the initial recipients are wearing off. And it won't work twice in a row!
Mansherry: I'm sorry, I'm sorry!   All because I don't have the strength... I lifted them up for a moment, only to drop them right back down!  I'm awful!
Kabu: No, Princess Mansherry. If it weren't for the Dandehealions, who knows how many people would have died from the bird cage!
Mansherry: But...
Kabu: Look! You've created a miracle!
Sai: Oh, please!  What weaklings! People in the back take the places of the fallen!  And bring more people!
Everyone ever: Yeah!
Sai: We'll hold out no matter what,  until Lucy frees us from the bird cage!
Everyone ever: Yeah!
Kabu: They've held out long enough. Luffyland will take over from there and rid us of the bird cage!
Gatz: And now the moment you've been waiting for...  Lucy will come back in ten seconds! He should be somewhere, listening!  Call out our star's name!
Everyone ever: Lucy!  Lucy! Lucy!  Lucy!  Lucy!
Gatz: Three seconds to go! Two!
Doflamingo: That's quite enough.  Silence.
Assistants: Gatz-san!
Everyone ever: Lucy!  Lucy!
Gatz: Don't stop!  Keep calling out!
Everyone ever: One!
Doflamingo: Ludicrous.
Gatz: Go to hell, Doflamingo! Our star Lucy's gonna... drop you with a single blow!
Everyone ever: Zero!
Citizen: Wh... Where's Lucy?!
Doflamingo: Straw Hat isn't coming back. Finally, some peace and quiet. Viola, it's your turn to be silenced. Forever.
Rebecca: No! Viola-san!
Viola: Close your eyes, Rebecca! You don't have to see a thing! This is just a bad dream! No matter what happens, forget everything! I won't hold a grudge against you so... just forget about it, okay?
Rebecca: No!
Viola: It's not your fault at all! I'm so sorry, Rebecca! This will leave a deep scar in your heart!
Rebecca: No!
Law: Go!
Gatz: He has come!
Rebecca: Lucy!
Everyone ever: Lucy!  Lucy!  Lucy!  Lucy!
Narrator: A revived Luffy faces off against Doflamingo in a final showdown. The formidable Doflamingo attempts to manipulate the island's people and continue his reign over them, but when Luffy unleashes a soul-filled scream... along with Gear Fourth's ultimate attack, Dress Rosa's fate is finally settled!
