Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the  Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law and invaded Dress Rosa. But they were ensnared in the scheme of the current king, Doflamingo, and were caged in with the rest of the island. While the Straw Hats were felling the commanders of the Donquixote Family one after another, Doflamingo constricted the bird cage in order to kill everyone in the country. As the moment of Dress Rosa's annihilation nears, the deadly battle between Luffy and Doflamingo at last enters its final phase.
Zoro: It stopped once! We can keep on holding it back!
Franky: Stop the cage!
Gatz: With all your efforts, we successfully delayed the bird cage from closing in! It won't be long before the star forged in the Colosseum, Lucy, comes back! Until that moment comes, hang in there!
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai!  Here we go!
Rebecca: No!  I don't wanna do this!
Doflamingo: Now, kill her.
Rebecca: No! Viola-san!
Viola: Close your eyes, Rebecca! I won't hold a grudge against you so... just forget about it, okay?
Rebecca: No!
Viola: It's not your fault at all! I'm so sorry, Rebecca! This will leave a deep scar in your heart!
Rebecca: No!
Luffy: Strike Down the Celestial Luffy's Furious King Kong Gun
Gatz: L... L-Lu... Lucy is here!
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai!
Robin: Luffy!
Usopp: Luffy!
Franky: Luffy!
Gnomes: Luffyland!
Viola: Straw Hat...
Gatz: Finally!  Finally... Lucy has come back!
Everyone ever: Lucy!  Lucy!  Lucy!  Lucy!
Gatz: Now, we're countin' on you, Lucy! Deliver for us a one-hit KO!
Doflamingo: A flashy comeback, I suppose. But you've barely managed to regain your Haki. You must barely be able to stand, no?
Luffy: That... goes for you too, right?!
Rebecca: Lucy!
Law: Shambles!
Viola: Rebecca!
Doflamingo: There you are. Well, watch closely, then... as your hope is crushed. Everwhite!
Gatz: Th-The entire town's turned to strings!
Rebecca: Lucy!
Luffy: Why, you...
Doflamingo: Futile. Thousand Arrows! Flapping... Thread!
Luffy: Arming!
Doflamingo: What's the matter?   I thought you were back at full strength? Have you really regained your Haki, Lucy?
Gatz: I-Is he gonna be okay?
Rebecca: Lucy!
Gatz: I-It's hopeless... His injuries are too severe.
Citizen: That was pretty loud! It's too dusty to see clearly. What's going on with the fight? Did Lucy win?
Jeet: The bird cage is still here!
Sai: Hurry up, Lucy! Well, we just need to hang on a little longer!  Just till Lucy frees us from the bird cage!
Dudes: Yeah!
Luffy: Dammit! Wh-What the... My body's moving on its own.
Doflamingo: You are my puppet now.   I can manipulate you as I please! Come! I can't believe you're still alive!   Shall I impale you? Or have you and your friends kill each other?
Rayleigh: Is that why you came running back? You made it out alive again, Luffy.
Luffy: Hmph!  Next time I'll win!
Rayleigh: What happened to that Kong Gun you're so proud of?
Luffy: Well, it's like this, Rayleigh! This guy was way, way bigger than the other one... So it didn't work!
Rayleigh: That's quite the problem. But if the Kong Gun isn't working,  you have to come up with something else.
Luffy: "Something else"? The Kong Gun isn't enough to take this guy down, either!
Doflamingo: Amusing, isn't it? Every single one of you... would have been better off staying in my cage and submitting to my manipulation.
Luffy: Cage? Manipulation?
Doflamingo: Humans are mere scum. They only deserve to live when I, a possessor of divine power, manipulate them. Deserve to live as scum, that is. But you lot cut those puppet strings. And this is what it has come to. If you all hadn't done such unnecessary things, I wouldn't have had to spill this much blood.
Luffy: Enough... Enough, already!
Citizen: The Royal Grounds are being carved up!
Usopp: At this rate, it'll be too late!  Do something, fast!
Zoro: Hurry up, Luffy!
Leo: Robiland, if things go on like this...
Robin: It's alright. Just believe in Luffy.
Leo: Okay!
Doflamingo: Gonna do it again? If you turn into that Bound-Man of yours, I won't just have you kill your friends... but everyone in the country!
Luffy: Gear Fourth!
Doflamingo: The strings... You've barely got any stamina left. How many seconds can you stay in that form?
Rebecca: Lucy!
Doflamingo: He chose to fight me midair? He's got guts! Will I get to see how you're gonna "one-hit KO" me?! It's annoying to have you stand over me! I'll drag you down and manipulate you as a puppet again!
Luffy: Mingo! You're always trying to chain down anything and everything... ...and controlling and manipulating everybody! I feel like I'm suffocating!
Doflamingo: Blame your own birthright! All of you were born trash, fit only for manipulation! You humans are different from me!
Luffy: Shut up! I'm gonna kick your ass and get outta here!
Doflamingo: Do your worst, brat! Spiderweb!
Rayleigh: But if the Kong Gun isn't working,  you have to come up with something else.
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... "Something else"?
Rayleigh: That's right.   Gear Fourth taxes your body far too much. You've got to think of something else.
Luffy: How about this, then?
Rayleigh: What?   That'll just make the problem even worse!
Luffy: King Kong...
Doflamingo: If you won't obey, I'll just kill you! Sixteen Holy Bullets! God Thread!
Luffy: ...Gun!
Gatz: Lucy!
Citizen: Lucy! You can do it!
Doflamingo: I will... destroy everything!
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai!
Robin: Luffy!
Leo: Luffyland!
Sai: Straw Hat!
Usopp: Luffy!
Zoro: Luffy!
Kin'emon: Luffy-dono!
Kanjuurou: Please!
Franky: Luffy!
Viola: Straw Hat!
Rebecca: Lucy!
Corazón: And in a certain land, there are people who call the Family of "D"... "the sworn enemy of the gods"!
Narrator: The end of an era arrives in Dress Rosa. As Rebecca, Kyros, and the citizens watch the bird cage fade, all reflecting over what this means for them, over the heads of those freed from the reign of terror... rings out the name of the winner, "Lucy"!
