Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the  Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law... and invaded Dress Rosa, governed by the Royal Warlord, Donquixote Doflamingo. Together, they felled the commanders of the Donquixote Family, one after another. And then...
Gatz: Look to the sky, Dress Rosa!
Riku: The bird cage is...
Gatz: The winner is... Lucy!
Rebecca: Lucy...
Luffy: Unprecedented Fujitora's Shocking Decision!
Citizen: Hooray! Doflamingo was taken down! We're free from now on! Mom!  Dad! Thank God!
Assistant: Gatz-san!
Gatz: Yeah, he did it! I can't believe Lucy actually took down Doflamingo!
Burgess: So aren't you gonna finish me off?
Sabo: Don't need to. Seems like it's all over.
Burgess: You brothers are too soft! After losing to our captain at Banaro Island, Ace had something to say  before he was handed over to the Navy. Wanna hear it?
Revolutionary: Hey, hurry up!   The duel between Straw Hat and Doflamingo is over! The Navy'll be here soon! We know! You call the chief yet? We're trying!
Koala: He's not picking up.
Revolutionary: He only answers when he feels like it.
Burgess: You'll get a kick outta hearin' it! He realized he was gonna be executed, so he said...
Ace: Don't tell my brother.
Burgess: Man, what an idiot! He had no idea how much he was worth! If Fire Fist Ace was captured by the Navy, the news would spread all over the world! The Navy would make 120% use of his pathetic life-
Sabo: That's quite enough. Not another word! How he felt when he passed away... I've thought about it non-stop  since that day, every single night. You don't have to tell me.  I fully understand!
Burgess: Then let it sink in, fool! As for that Devil Fruit you have... If I can't steal it here, it'll damage  my reputation as a hunter of Devil Fruit users. You're not getting away from me, Mera Mera Fruit! You're regretting it, aren't you?! Even though you had the title and the power, you still didn't try to save your brother! You weren't there at all, were you?! Were you taking a nap or something? You weren't there when he needed you most. And you call yourselves brothers!
Sabo: I'm done regretting it! Fire Fist!
Burgess: Dammit!
Sabo: I've made peace with it,  but Ace is saying he can't forgive you.
Koala: Oh!  Hello, Sabo-kun? Where in the world are you?! I saw Burgess going after Luffy-kun earlier, so I frantically tried to contact you, but you weren't answering at all!
Sabo: That so?  I wasn't paying attention.
Koala: You weren't what?!
Sabo: Don't worry, I took care of it already. That aside, Koala, have you found the list?
Koala: For crying out... Yes, I found it!
Sabo: Then just call the ship and-
Koala: I already did!
Sabo: Well, let's meet up with Hack underground then.
Koala: I'm with Hack and everyone else underground,  and we're all waiting on you! Why did he hang up?!  That selfish jerk!
Revolutionary: Stop taking it out on me, Koala-san!
Marine: There he is! The Donquixote Family! Their eight commanders and... ...three top commanders are all accounted for! Watch out! Most of the commanders are Devil Fruit users! Secure them with Sea Stone!
Marines: Yes, sir!
Sai: They may have been a great pirate crew,  but anyone in their state would be done for.
Baby 5: Good work. My d-a-r-l-i-n-g.
Sai: Wh-What're you on about? Just stay here with me.
Baby 5: Okay.
Sai: Whoa!  Wh-What're you doing?!
Baby 5: You said, "Stay here with me"!
Sai: Get off of me!
Baby 5: So we'll be together forever!
Marine: Have we contacted Navy HQ yet? Well, actually... Isshou-san said, "Don't file a report yet." Vice Admiral Maynard! The Surveillance Snail is ready!
Maynard: Alright, I'll do the talking. Take another Surveillance Snail  and follow Isshou-san, per orders!
Marines: Yes, sir!
Citizen: Is everything okay now? Yes, we are.
Narrator: This is Applenine Island, a country near Dress Rosa.
Citizen: What the heck? What's wrong? I heard there'll be a broadcast from Dress Rosa! Will it be a speech from King Doflamingo? Scary, isn't it?
Maynard: This is Dress Rosa... We are broadcasting to the three neighboring island countries... within range of the Surveillance Snail's brain waves. I am Navy HQ Vice Admiral Maynard!
Citizen: The Navy?
Maynard: This is Dress Rosa. We are broadcasting to the three neighboring island countries... within range of the Surveillance Snail's brain waves.
Citizen: But why?
Maynard: I want you to take a look at these images!
Citizen: What's up with the piles of rubble?
Maynard: What you're seeing is the current state of Dress Rosa!
Citizen: What does he mean?
Maynard: I know you're surprised. But we must let as many people as possible know what took place here! I ask you to keep calm as I tell you... all the details of what the Warlord,  Donquixote Doflamingo, did today in this very country! Isshou-san, I'll do as you asked.
Citizen: We're begging you, Your Majesty! So many of us citizens were turned into toys and couldn't speak out! And you only committed that act of violence because you were being manipulated by Doflamingo! We beg of you!
Riku: No!  Please... stop this. Even if the misunderstanding about me has cleared up,  I cannot return as your king.
Citizen: No!  You are this country's true king! That's right! We're sick and tired of violence! Your Majesty! What if the citizens of this country are on the same page as you? We want to return to those times when,  despite our poverty, we enjoyed peaceful lives! King Riku, please come back!
Riku: Wait. The Riku Family's position falls apart when faced with turmoil. This event has proven that.
Citizen: We don't care if we fall to ruin! We'd gladly fall to ruin if there were  any hope for peace together with you! We want you to renounce war, as our pacifist king! That's right! Even if it causes our country to fall, we're fine with that! We don't mind being poor! Just make Dress Rosa a peaceful country again! Your Majesty! Your Majesty, we're begging you!
Elizabello: As a fighting king, their words grate my ears!
Riku: Elizabello!
Palace Guard: Your Majesty!  You must return to the palace at once! Kings from neighboring countries keep calling us!
Riku: What did you say?
Elizabello: I had to tell them right away... that King Riku is coming back.   They were all overjoyed to hear that!
Citizen: The King of Prodence!
Elizabello: It's barely been a decade. How could you age so much? Where is the man who would stare down the world to avoid a war? Your people are waiting for you. Come home... Miracle King, Riku Dold!
Fujitora: He is right, King Riku!
Citizen: That's the Navy admiral!
Fujitora: All this trouble that Doflamingo caused... I would rather you not take responsibility for it. That vicious pirate was approved as king of a country under the Seven Warlords system, and thus permitted to reign over this island by none other than... the World Government! To all who inhabit this country... and to all members of its royal family... On behalf of the Government, I most humbly apologize! We most deeply regret what has been done!
Riku: What are you...
Citizen: The Navy admiral has prostrated himself? You're kidding me...
Reporter: The Navy is under direct control of the Government! And one of the Navy admirals,  the greatest of their military might... is bowing before King Riku and his nation in apology!
Citizen: What the heck is going on in Dress Rosa? That pirate alliance took down  the Celestial Yaksha, Doflamingo?
Reporter: Take pictures!  Put them in print already! This is completely unheard of!
Narrator: The false glory of the mighty country, Dress Rosa, and the truth behind it. The downfall of world's greatest  underground broker, Doflamingo. And the prostration of Navy HQ Admiral Fujitora. The major incidents that were confined within the cage... have just been released to the entire world. Navy Admiral Fujitora's prostration shocks the world. As the waves of time surge on, the rookies that astonished the world alongside Luffy two years ago: Kid, Capone, Bonney, and the rest, finally take action to bring down the Four Emperors!
