Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the  Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy and his crew formed a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law... and invaded Dress Rosa, governed by the Royal Warlord, Donquixote Doflamingo. Together, they felled the commanders of the Donquixote Family, one after another. And finally...
Luffy: King Kong... ...Gun!
Narrator: ...he put down Doflamingo for good!
Elizabello: Come home... Miracle King, Riku Dold!
Fujitora: He is right, King Riku! All this trouble that Doflamingo caused... I would rather you not take responsibility for it. That vicious pirate was approved as king of a country under the Seven Warlords system, and thus permitted to reign over this island by none other than... the World Government! To all who inhabit this country... and to all members of its royal family... On behalf of the Government, I most humbly apologize! We most deeply regret what has been done!
Luffy: A Spreading Shockwave The Worst Generation Takes Action!
Citizen: A-An admiral from  Navy HQ has prostrated himself?! The Surveillance Snail is running, too! Th-That's a Navy admiral, isn't it? Wh-What happened? Something's going on in Dress Rosa!
Riku: Raise your head, Fujitora. Fujitora... Fujitora, aren't you worried about the world seeing this? You couldn't possibly... Could it be... that you stayed away from Doflamingo so you could enact this? Fujitora!
Fujitora: The world must know the truth! I left all the fighting to them. I made a wager on them. We are the ones who allowed the Warlords to do as they please. So who are we to point our swords at them, and yet preach about justice without bearing shame? This country earned its victory at the hands of pirates, warriors, and its citizens!
Usopp: Hey!  Luffy! Luffy! Zoro!
Kin'emon: Oh!  Usopp-dono!
Usopp: So you guys are okay! He really did it!  Luffy took down Doflamingo!
Zoro: Yeah.
Usopp: Well, everything did go as I planned, after all.
Zoro: Huh?
Kin'emon: Usopp-dono, are you able to walk now?
Usopp: Oh, yeah!  As soon as Luffy won, I felt life come rushing back into me!
Franky: Super! It was one heck of a super victory!
Usopp: Don't scare me like that,  you bikini-clad, perverted, cyborg jerk!
Franky: Whoa, whoa, don't talk me up so much.
Usopp: I'm not!
Franky: I'm blushing!
Usopp: You are?!
Franky: I'm a robot on the inside...
Viola: Shall we let everybody know that Straw Hat's here?
Kyros: Our long, hard battle is at last over. You are all incredible warriors!  You've all done me proud! I am truly... I am truly grateful for your hard work. Little Army of King Riku, Special Anti-Doflamingo Forces!
Gnomes: Yes, Commander!
Kyros: Our mission is complete! As of today, you are all... ...dismissed!
Leo: Commander!
Kyros: We have guardian deities here in Dress Rosa. They're little people who some might call "fairies". That'd be you guys. The Little Army of King Riku may be disbanded, but we still have so much work to do. Work to bring back... our beautiful Dress Rosa. From this day forward, this country is in your care!
Marine: Isshou-san! The video transmission to the three neighboring islands has completed!
Fujitora: Aye.  Job well done.
Riku: Tank! The Navy still has their position to consider. Hide the pirates and warriors  who fought for us in the palace. Take those without shelter there as well. I hate to ask, but can I count on you?
Tank: Of course, it would be my pleasure, Your Majesty!
Gendo Ikari: So... Reporting Doflamingo's resignation, and then revealing it as false... Was this all by order of those people above you? Why should the world have the wool pulled over its eyes for someone like Doflamingo?! If something like this ever happens again, it'll bring shame on me as fleet admiral! Don't ever do that again, under any circumstances!
Elder Star A: Don't give us any of your cheek, Sakazuki.
Elder Star B: Your honor is completely inconsequential.
Elder Star C: The Navy is merely the public face of the Government.
Elder Star D: We left this case entirely up to Cipher Pol.
Gendo Ikari: Hmph!  Cipher Pol, huh? So simply put, they've gone over your heads. Those damn puppets of the Celestial Dragons!
Elder Star A: Watch your mouth, Sakazuki!
Elder Star B: And what of Kuzan's actions? I can hardly believe a powerful man like him  sides with Blackbeard now. That is sure to bring dishonor to the Navy!
Gendo Ikari: That idiot resigned from the Navy! Where he is and what he's doing is not our responsibility!
Marine: Five Elder Stars!  Fleet Admiral Sakazuki! Reporting in! The Warlord, Donquixote Doflamingo, and his family  were defeated by the Law - Straw Hat Pirate Alliance. And Dress Rosa has been destroyed. There's nothing left of it!
Gendo Ikari: What'd you say?!
Elder Star E: Again...
Elder Star C: ...with that brat?
Marine: And there's one more thing...
Narrator: The video and story that were sent to Dress Rosa's neighbors spread from one island to the next.
Citizen: Extra!  Extra!
Narrator: The news spread like wildfire  throughout the world, with dire repercussions.
Citizen: Joker was defeated!
Soldier: Your Majesty!   We have no other way to acquire weapons!
King: Announce our surrender.
Citizen: The war is over!
Pirate: We've already paid!  We had a deal! That bastard, Joker! I know they still have weapons in Dress Rosa! Don't!  There's still a Navy admiral over there!
Shady Businessman: Our deal for the Devil Fruits! What'll happen to the Smiles deal now?! If only these fools weren't there!
Sengoku: Come now, Tsuru-chan! You didn't need to tag along with us!
Tsuru: I ought to be saying that, Inspector General!
Sengoku: Well, they're the pirate group that you've been chasing after all this time, aren't they?
Tsuru: Yes, under your orders.
Sengoku: Want some rice crackers?
Tsuru: No thanks.
Narrator: The big news from Dress Rosa  quickly spread around the world. The Worst Generation learned of the news as well. The Worst Generation includes the eleven rookies that gathered at Sabaody Archipelago two years ago, all with bounties over one hundred million. Born at the cusp of eras old and new,  they are the firebrands... that will be instrumental in molding the future of this war-torn world. They are known as "the Worst Generation".
Pizza Guy: How's this?  This is today's special mixed pizza. Hey!  Thief! Hey, old lady!  Stop! Crap, where did she go? Tsk, just a little girl.  Old lady, where'd you go?!
Bonney: Oh, they took down Doflamingo. Not bad.   Makes me happy to be from the same generation.
Pirate: High Priest Urouge! High Priest Urouge! Th-There's somebody here!  High Priest!
Urouge: Nonsense!  We're on a Sky Island. It's an abandoned and isolated cloud island, at that. Nobody but us could possibly-
Bege: Whoa, whoa, they've got some nerve, that pirate alliance. Looks like my fellow pirates ain't doing too shabby for themselves. Capture Caesar at any cost, boys!
Associates: Yes, Father!
Hawkins: They made their move before we knew it.
Eustass Kid: It's a huge victory! Doflamingo is connected to Kaidou behind the scenes, for sure.
Apoo: Well, that's gonna make Kaidou pretty mad, yeah?
Eustass Kid: If they planned this, their target must be...
Hawkins: ...one of the Four Emperors, as we thought.
Apoo: "Beast King" Kaidou, eh?
Killer: Good thing our target isn't theirs. We won't have to fight each other and waste our military might. Our target is one of the other Four Emperors, "Red Hair" Shanks!
Narrator: And now we shift attention to Drake,  who once provoked a battle in Kaidou's territory...
Pirate: Your father was killed?  By Doflamingo?
Drake: That was a long time ago.  I bear no grudge.
Pirate: What gives?  That's pretty heartless of you. Hey, give us a hand here! This is an emergency! If we don't let him know right away, he'll snap! Kaidou-sama!  Where are you? That idiot Joker screwed up big time! We won't be receiving Smiles anymore!
Gendo Ikari: Don't play dumb with me, Isshou! You know full well the gravity of  a Navy admiral admitting to oversight! Why didn't you report to HQ first?!
Fujitora: Had I reported in, surely you would have changed  the details of the report yet again, would you not?
Gendo Ikari: What did you just say?!
Smoker: I also feel the Seven Warlord system must end. Two years ago, I was there when Crocodile showed his true nature. The Navy couldn't do anything! If it weren't for the Straw Hats, Alabasta would be another country  governed by a pirate, just like Dress Rosa. Yet the Government reported that it was the Navy's doing! If only I held higher rank then! I can't believe Fujitora really did it.
Tashigi: It reminds me of the frustration I felt at Alabasta Kingdom two years ago. The Straw Hats' triumph was covered up then, too. It's like he paid them back for us.
Smoker: Even if I held the same rank as him, I couldn't have pulled that off. I could feast on this feeling for days.
Tashigi: Oh, we have muffins!  How about some coffee?
Smoker: That didn't mean I wanted to eat, you idiot!
Biscuit: Hey lady, I'm hungry!
Biscuits: We're hungry too!
Tashigi: We have muffins!  How about some coffee?
Biscuit: You can't give kids coffee! I want a muffin! Are we at Megapants' yet?
Tashigi: That's "Vegapunk". It'll be a few more days until we reach Dr. Vegapunk's lab.
Marine: How lovely! Captain-chan's sweet to the kids! I wish I were a kid!
Tashigi: Hey, you bunch! There's still tons of work to do!
Marines: Aye aye, ma'am!
Marine: Scold me more, Captain-chan!
Gendo Ikari: Cover-ups happen all the time!
Fujitora: I would rather not be a hero forged upon lies. It was our employer, the World Government,  that hired pirates to maintain balance in the world.
Gendo Ikari: This is a matter of the Navy's credibility and dignity!
Marine: I-Isshou-san, y-you're talking to...
Gendo Ikari: Your selfish actions dishonor the very name of justice!
Fujitora: If you value your justice so damn much,  then keep a close eye on it! If we lose credibility just for admitting fault, we haven't any in the first place!
Gendo Ikari: Then you clean up after yourself, Fujitora! Straw Hat and Law...  Until you bring me their heads, you are hereby barred from setting foot within any Navy base in the world!
Fujitora: Good, that's exactly what I wanted to hear.
Luffy: Meat...
Narrator: On that fateful day, Sabo set sail toward what seemed to be certain death. How did he survive and grow up... to be a warrior in the Revolutionary Army under Dragon? Sabo's untold stories of his action-packed adventures and his shrouded past are finally revealed!
