Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the  Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy and his crew formed  a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law... and invaded Dress Rosa,  governed by the Royal Warlord, Donquixote Doflamingo. Together, they felled the commanders of the Donquixote Family, one after another. And finally, they put down Doflamingo for good!
Luffy: Birth of a Legend The Adventures of the Revolutionary Warrior, Sabo!
Law: So you've been living on top of this hill?
Kyros: It was the most convenient solution for Scarlett and I. It may not be as luxurious as the Palace,  but please make do.
Law: It's fine.
Kyros: One for each of you.  Help yourselves.
Kin'emon: Law-dono, who be this man that you brought here earlier?
Law: Somebody Straw Hatter knows. I just happened to pick him up.
Kyros: If you'll excuse me, I'll be turning in first. If you're hungry, you're free to eat anything in the house. I think there's only jerky though.
Usopp: When Luffy wakes up, it'll be gone in a heartbeat.
Luffy: Meat...  Meat...
Usopp: Hey, you're fast asleep already?! You are too?!
Franky: You're one to talk.
Robin: I'm sure everybody's exhausted.
Franky: Guess they'll be out for a while, then.
Robin: We should let them sleep in peace for now.
Zoro: Honestly, is there no booze around- Who's there?
Sabo: It's on me.
Robin: Sabo!
Sabo: Yo!
Zoro: Friend of yours?
Robin: He's Luffy's brother.
Zoro & Franky: What?!
Franky: So you met him while with the Revolutionary Army?
Robin: Yes. Luffy...
Sabo: Robin, you don't have to wake him. I just came to see his face before I set off.
Robin: Are you leaving the country already?
Sabo: Yeah.  Trouble's headed this way.
Franky: What kind of trouble?
Sabo: CP-0. They played a part in Doflamingo's deception scheme. And they're targeting us. Dress Rosa's gonna get busy in a day or two from now. You guys should also leave as soon as possible.
Robin: Thank you for telling us.
Zoro: Either way, we ain't gonna be here for long. And what's more, I didn't know he had another brother besides Ace.
Franky: For real, this is the first I've heard of it.
Sabo: I bet. I think it surprised Luffy the most.
Franky: What do you mean by that?
Sabo: I was presumed dead for a long time. I was always with Luffy and Ace when I was a kid. Running around with wild abandon,  being disciplined by that old man, Garp, dreaming about becoming pirates... And we exchanged cups of sake and became brothers. But one day, I was involved in an accident. Uh, well, an incident. D-Do you know, that there's gonna be a fire in the Gray Terminal tonight?
Nobleman: This fire is something we must all remain quiet about. We are special!
Sabo: Ace!  Luffy! There's something wrong with this town!  They're all mad! They all know people are going to die, but they're acting like nothing's wrong.  They're even smiling! I don't want to be in this town! I have to tell them as soon as possible! Ace!  Luffy!  Run!
Dragon: What happened to you, young boy?
Sabo: This town smells worse than the Gray Terminal! It's the disgusting stench of rotten people! I'll never be free if I stay here! Ace...  Luffy... I really want to see you... This place is like a bird cage... I'm not sure if I can bear living in this kingdom, breathing this stale air. Just what... is freedom? Where can I find it? The weather's great!  This is a perfect day for a voyage! What a huge ship!
Jalmac: Such insolence!
Sabo: Damn it!  The ship's on fire! Why'd they suddenly fire at me?
Bodyguard: Saint Jalmac!  There's a child on that ship!
Jalmac: He's flying a pirate flag so he's a pirate.  It doesn't matter who he is. Furthermore... A mere commoner... had the nerve to cross paths with my ship!
Sabo: Ace...  Luffy... Somebody... help me... Help...
Ivankov: He's late!  He's way too late! Vi swear, what does that man think he's doing?!
Revolutionary: Ivankov-san, please relax!
Ivankov: Vi'm so frustrated... that vmy head's going to explode! Explode! Not!
Revolutionaries: It's not?!
Ivankov: Vyou're late, Dragon! How long did vyou plan to keep vus waiting?!
Dragon: Sorry.
Ivankov: Vyou... What's that?
Revolutionary: Th-This is awful! You!  Quickly, bring a doctor!  This is an emergency! Call the ship's doctor, quickly!
Ivankov: He's awake!
Inazuma: Please don't shock him.
Ivankov: Vi wasn't trying to do that! Oh, vyou're so rude!
Sabo: Huh? Where am I?
Inazuma: You're on board our ship.
Revolutionary: It says "Sabo" on your possessions.  Is that your name?
Sabo: Sabo? Dunno.
Ivankov: "Dunno"?  So what is vyour name, then?
Sabo: No idea...
Ivankov: Don't tell me he's...
Inazuma: Most likely.
Dragon: He still hasn't regained his memories?
Revolutionary: Indeed, not even his own name.
Dragon: I first met him in High Town, Goa Kingdom. I'm certain he's one of the nobles from there.
Revolutionary: Well, let's take him home then.  Search for his parents...
Sabo: No... I don't wanna go back!
Revolutionary: Why?!
Sabo: I dunno! But... that's the last thing I want!
Ivankov: Vwe certainly can't keep vyou on this ship forever! Vwe have things to do!
Sabo: In that case... in that case, just take me anywhere else!
Ivankov: Vyou're a mere child!  Don't be ridiculous!
Sabo: I'm begging you!
Ivankov: What should vwe do, Dragon?
Tank: You won't run into the Navy here. We've already called in a town doctor, too.
Sai: Thanks for everything.
Boo: And booze?
Tank: We're holding a banquet at a later date.
Boo: Oh come on, we have to wait?
Tank: Well, sorry...
Sai: Well, let's huddle up here tonight.
Bartolomeo: Wait a sec! Cabbage, are you sleeping here, too?!
Cavendish: Of course I am! Why don't you get some sleep already?
Bartolomeo: Somebody, bring me chains! Strong ones! Else we'll have a monster afoot!
Cavendish: Wh-What are you doing, Bartolomeo?!
Bartolomeo: Now we can get a good night's sleep!
Franky: So that's how you joined the Revolutionary Army...
Sabo: Pretty much. The only thing I knew for sure was that I didn't wanna go back to my parents, no matter what. Other than that, I couldn't remember a thing.
Hack: Lower your center of gravity! The Revolutionary Army has no need for anyone who can't fight!
Sabo: Man, this'll just make me soft.
Hack: Where are you going?!  Wait right-
Sabo: I'm gonna go train by myself!
Ivankov: How's the kid doing?
Hack: Despite his loss of memory, his body still remembers how to move. I don't know what he was doing before we met, but obviously he's well-versed in fighting. I bet he was quite the naughty boy. I already don't know what to do with him. You haven't won yet!
Sabo: Kuma-san's next?  Here I go! Damn!
Ace: Someday, we will set out to sea, and live life the way we want to! With more freedom than anyone else! We'll cast off when we turn seventeen! We will become pirates!
Revolutionary: Peel these, too!
Sabo: Wha... You want some?
Koala: Take this seriously!
Sabo: Sowwy!
Koala: Sabo-kun!
Hack: Sabo!
Koala: Oh, boy...
Hack: It may just be training, but he fought bravely against the higher-ups.
Ace: Just you wait!  I'll make a name for myself real soon!
Luffy: Do your best, Ace!
Gunny: Fire!
Revolutionary: It's useless.  I can't reach them!
Hack: The plan was for them to open the front gate, wasn't it? What the hell is the advance team doing, then?
Sabo: I'll handle it.
Revolutionary: Sabo!  Where on earth- That's it?!
Koala: Sabo-kun!
Revolutionaries: Sabo!
Koala: He's pushing his luck again, geez!
Soldier: What's with him?!
Gunny: Fill 'im full of lead!
Soldier: Why can't we hit him?!
Hack: Follow Sabo in!
Koala: Sabo-kun, we've freed the captive citizens and allies! The rest is up to you!
Sabo: Roger!
Soldier: Wait! You won't get away! He's all by himself!  What a moron!
Sabo: Right about here... Dragon Claw Technique... Dragon's Breath!
Koala: You overdid it, Sabo-kun.
Revolutionary: Pretty impressive that you've made it this far at your age. It might not be long before you're leading the Revolutionary Army. Oh, yeah.  I heard about some rookie around your age that refused to join the Seven Warlords. Oh, you mean Fire Fist?
Sabo: "Fire Fist"?
Revolutionary: I heard he's a pretty hot-blooded guy. Well, it remains to be seen how far that'll take him in the New World. If I'm correct, his name is Portgas D.-
Sabo: Ace.
Revolutionary: That's right, Ace!  So you did know about him!
Sabo: Uh, d-did I say something?
Revolutionary: You've lost your memory again?
Luffy: Ah... It's a great day to set sail! You picked the wrong opponent. Check out my attack I've been  practicing for the past ten years!
Zoro: So you've had amnesia up until two years ago?
Sabo: Yeah.
Franky: If it was that serious,  just how did you get your memory back?
Sabo: Ace helped me. That's what I think, anyway. The timing couldn't have been any worse, but... That was how... ...he woke me up.
Narrator: The Paramount War in Marineford that became legend... What happened to Sabo when Ace died? And what did he have on his mind when he appeared before Luffy? The surprising truth and the story of the brothers' strong bonds are finally revealed.
