Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the  Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy and his crew formed  a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law... and invaded Dress Rosa, governed by the Royal Warlord, Donquixote Doflamingo. Together, they felled the commanders of  the Donquixote Family, one after another. And finally, they put down Doflamingo for good!
Zoro: So you've had amnesia up until two years ago?
Sabo: Yeah.
Franky: If it was that serious,  just how did you get your memory back?
Sabo: Ace helped me. That's what I think, anyway. The timing couldn't have been any worse, but... That was how... ...he woke me up.
Luffy: The Brothers' Bonds The Untold Story Behind Luffy and Sabo's Reunion
Ace: Sabo!
Luffy: Sabo!
Koala: Sabo-kun! There you are! Something the matter?
Sabo: No, I was just looking at the sea.
Koala: Really? It's been a month since we've last been in Baltigo. I hope everybody's doing fine.
Sabo: Yeah, we've been tied up with missions. First off, let's give Dragon-san our report.
Koala: It's so hectic.
Revolutionary: Oh, Chief Sabo!  You came at the right time! Report to the situation room at once! The Paramount War between the Navy and the Whitebeard Pirates has ended! Whitebeard lost?! So, one of the Four Emperors has fallen... The Navy took a lot of casualties, too. Seems like it was a hard battle as we expected. Is Iva-san alright?! He's not listed among the casualties. The dead include... The Emperor, Whitebeard... and... Fire Fist Ace! But more importantly, Dragon-san, this here... Is it true? Is Straw Hat Luffy your son?
Dragon: Hmm? Yes.
Ace: I'm gonna become a pirate... ...defeat everyone in my way, and be known worldwide! That'll be proof enough that I once lived! I don't care if the world doesn't accept me... No matter how much they hate me... I'll be a great pirate and show 'em what I can do!
Koala: Sabo-kun, what's wrong? You're acting weird!
Revolutionary: I can't believe that Ace was Gold Roger's son. He was the biggest threat to the Navy, so they wanted to get rid of him at any cost.
Ace: Have you heard?
Revolutionary: They say Akainu punched a hole right through his body!
Ace: When you exchange sake cups, you become brothers.
Luffy: Brothers?  Really?!
Ace: When we become pirates,  we might not be crewmates on the same ship... but our bonds will keep us connected as brothers! No matter where we are or what we do,  our bonds won't be broken! So from now on, we're... brothers!
Trio: Yeah!
Hack: Are you alright, Sabo?
Koala: Sabo-kun!
Hack: Sabo!
Sabo: That's right... This dead guy wasn't just some random pirate... He wasn't just some threat in the  Pirate Era that needed to be eliminated! Ace is my... brother!
Ace: I won't run from, or lose to anyone!
Revolutionary: The Chief of Staff''s awake! Really?  What a relief!
Koala: I thought you were gonna die, Sabo-kun!
Hack: You had quite a high fever, Sabo.
Koala: You were asleep for three days straight! I was so worried! Huh?  You've got your memory back?
Sabo: Yeah, I remember everything now. Including who I am and why I  left home and sailed out to sea.
Koala: I see.  Good for you. Are you gonna quit the Revolutionary Army, then?
Sabo: Nope, no way. Is Dragon-san still here? Yeah. There's something I want to talk about. At that moment, I felt Ace say to me, "You're Sabo.  You're brothers with me and Luffy." That's why I...
Zoro: Wait a sec!
Kin'emon: What manner of rudeness is this?   How dare you interrupt!
Zoro: You... Why'd you finish the bottle?!  It's empty! And you ate all the meat as well!
Kin'emon: I cannot possibly listen to such a story without drinking!
Kanjuurou: Now, now, both of you...
Robin: Never mind the alcohol... We'll be in trouble if we're  without food when Luffy wakes up.
Franky: Everyone in our crew eats a ton!
Kanjuurou: I shall depart and retrieve provisions afterward with Kin'emon.
Robin: Thank you.
Zoro: Grab some booze, too.
Sabo: Luffy's got some really interesting friends.
Robin: Never a dull moment.
Franky: Hey, tell us the rest already!
Sabo: Sure. Finally... I've managed to come this far, Ace. Check it out. Luffy's started on his way again to become the Pirate King. That's our little brother for you!
Koala: Sabo-kun?
Sabo: I want you to ask a favor of  the entire Revolutionary Army. There's a Devil Fruit that I need to acquire, no matter the cost.
Bartolomeo: But, but Luffy-senpai... What about the Mera Mera Fruit?
Luffy: There's someone I really don't want to have it,  but I got no choice. My friends' lives are more important.
Bartolomeo: Ah'll definitely get ya the Mera Mera Fruit! Just go do whatever it was ya needed to!
Luffy: Really?  Thanks a bunch!
Sabo: I won't let you have the Mera Mera Fruit... Straw Hat Luffy.
Bartolomeo: Hey, hey, hey!  Who're you? Why're you just casually talking to Luffy-senpai like that? He's the younger brother of that legendary pirate, Fire Fist Ace-sama, and the future Pirate King, you dumbass!
Sabo: I've known that for a long time.
Luffy: What's your problem?! Just showin' up outta nowhere and tellin' me  you won't lemme have the Mera Mera Fruit!
Sabo: It's me, Luffy.
Luffy: Whaddya mean, "It's me"?! Get this!  The Mera Mera Fruit is a keepsake of Ace's! If you want it, we're enemies! And as for you calling me "Luffy"... See this beard? I'm Lucy!
Sabo: You really think I wouldn't know my little brother's face behind that disguise of his?
Luffy: "Little brother"? Look here, the only people allowed to call me "little brother"... are Ace, who's dead, and... a guy who died way earlier... D-Died... Sabo! You can't be him!
Sabo: We stole a bottle of sake from Dadan and made a toast... Sabo!
Luffy: Wha duh ell?!  Whur've ya been dis whole dime?! Ah tawt ya were dead!
Sabo: Thank you, Luffy! I'm glad you lived!
Luffy: But Sabo, I... I let Ace be killed right in front of me...
Sabo: I know.  Even though Ace died, I'm... so happy that you survived! I almost lost both of my brothers without being able to do a thing! If you'd died too, I would've been left on my own! So, thanks! Thanks for staying alive, Luffy! Is it alright if I eat the Mera Mera Fruit?
Luffy: Uh-huh! Dat'd be gread!  Nobody elz can hab id!
Franky: That darn Luffy...  He's smiling!
Zoro: Makes you wonder what he's dreaming about.
Sabo: Well, I'm off.
Robin: So soon?
Sabo: I got to see his face, so... Here, I had a Vivre Card made from Luffy, just in case.
Zoro: Oh?  When'd you have time for that?
Sabo: I'll be taking a piece. Alright.  Luffy may be a bit of a handful, but please take good care of him.
Franky: Yeah!  You can count on us!
Ace: It's natural for a big bro to worry about his bungling kid brother. He might be a bit of a handful, but take good care of 'im.
Zoro: He and Ace said the same thing.
Hack: Sabo, that you?  Hack here.
Sabo: Yeah, I just left.  I'll be back soon.
Hack: Roger that. So, how'd it go?  Luffy-kun was quite... Why'd he hang up?! That selfish jerk!
Revolutionary: Whoa there, Hack-san!
Fujitora: What is it?  Could you look for me?
Marine: It's a "one".
Fujitora: I see.  The only side that would be in Straw Hat's favor... That's what we agreed upon, yes?
Marine: Yes, it is, but...
Fujitora: Then, he won this one. We shan't arrest him tonight.
Maynard: You can't determine that just by a roll of the die, Isshou-san! We ran all over the entire country and finally found out where he is! After all the disrespect you showed Fleet Admiral Sakazuki... If we want to take down Law and Straw Hat, now's our chance!
Fujitora: Maynard-san! A man ought not complain after the die is cast. Quite pathetic of you, really.
Citizen: Has anyone seen Lucy after all that? No, nobody did. I just wanna thank him! There's already quite a fuss out there. Even if they truly are pirates or criminals, they're unquestionably our saviors.
Rebecca: Grandfather!
Riku: Rebecca.
Rebecca: Father, Lucy, and the others aren't here at the Palace!
Riku: Ah, don't worry about that.  Kyros called. They're all together.
Rebecca: I see.
Riku: That aside... Rebecca. If I were to return as king, that would make you a princess.
Sabo: We're all set to depart, right?
Crow: Yeah, anytime.
Sabo: Alright! Once we return to Baltigo, there's so much I have to tell Dragon-san about Luffy! I really am... glad I got to see him again. Let's move out!
Narrator: While being pursued by Big Mom's ship, Sanji, Nami, and the others... have already begun a whole new adventure on the strangest island ever. At the same time, a pirate known  to be the strongest of all creatures... on land, in sea, and in air,  descends from the sky and appears... before Kid and his crew,  who aim to defeat the Four Emperors.
