Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the  Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy and his crew formed  a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law... and invaded Dress Rosa, governed by the Royal Warlord, Donquixote Doflamingo. Together, they felled the commanders of  the Donquixote Family, one after another. And finally, they put down Doflamingo for good!
Sabo: Let's move out!
Luffy: The Mightiest Being Beast King Kaidou of the Four Emperors
Zoro: His brother was just here,  yet he's off somewhere in dreamland.
Robin: He'll be so disappointed when he wakes up.
Franky: Such a good brother... Damn it all, I can barely fix myself...
Robin: Do you want me to lend you a hand?
Kyros: He really is a good brother to him.
Robin: Did we wake you?
Zoro: Oh, you were listening to Sabo's story?
Kyros: From about halfway through.
Franky: But we must've been speaking... quieter than our captain's snoring.
Zoro: Should we wake him up?
Kyros: No, let him sleep as much as he likes. I brought him here for just that reason. Zoroland, there might still be some booze in the cellar under the kitchen floor.
Zoro: Oh, really?
Kyros: No matter how much I thank Luffyland, it would never be enough. There's no way of knowing how much he  encouraged the people of Dress Rosa. This nation will change. Thanks to all of you, of course. The pain you're all suffering from... is the result of injuries you sustained on behalf of us, the citizens of Dress Rosa. We must repay you somehow.
Zoro: Wanna have a drink?
Kyros: Aren't you gonna sleep?
Zoro: Disturbing you?
Kyros: No.
Zoro: I wanna spar with you someday.
Kyros: To have a famous swordsman like you ask that of me... It would be my honor. Perhaps someday, when our wounds have healed.
Zoro: Sure. You can have the rest.
Kyros: Thanks. Well, it was mine to begin with.
Zoro: I'll take a nap, too.
Luffy: Gibme meat...
Kyros: Rebecca...
Rebecca: Soldier-san!
Kyros: Rebecca. I saw the list in the Colosseum. So you really entered the competition. I tried to stop you!
Rebecca: I'm... I'm gonna do it! I'll win, Soldier-san! And then... And then... we can live together!
Narrator: We now turn to the so-called Swirly Hat Crew,  who were headed for Zou, a mysterious island in the New World.
Law: You guys. You have to go to Zou with this guy, right now.
Narrator: The Swirly Hats took Punk Hazard scientist  and user of the Gas Gas Fruit, Caesar, with them. The plan was that they would meet back up with Luffy and the others later, on Zou. However, on the way they were targeted by Big Mom, one of the Four Emperors. Her desire was to capture Caesar.
Caesar: You can't let Big Mom capture me! I got my research funds... by tricking her and ripping her off!
Sanji: Well, I can't let them take you anyway, so shut up!
Luffy: You guys, go on ahead to Zou!
Caesar: Damn! We finally shook off Big Mom's ship after all that trouble... So why would you get us into even more trouble?!
Sanji: You've no say in the matter! Do as you're told!
Caesar: Don't order me around!
Sanji: We don't have time for your bellyaching!
Caesar: The hell'd ya do that for?! I'm saying it for the sake of you guys! Don't stick your nose in their business! We should have waited patiently on the ship. You're pretty stupid to be rushing ahead like this!
Sanji: Shut up and do what I tell you! You gonna do it?! Or would you rather I crush your heart?!
Caesar: Fine!  But I won't forget this.
Chopper: It was the right call to come ashore! We can still save them!  We need your help!
Caesar: In that case, why don't you treat me more nicely...
Sanji: You say something?!
Caesar: Stop threatening me with that!
Chopper: Hurry up, Caesar!
Caesar: I said, "Don't tell me what to do", you blasted raccoon dog!
Chopper: I'm a reindeer!
Caesar: What's the difference?!
Chopper: Shut up!  Just hurry up! If they die because of you, I'll make you pay for it! We need your help!
Nami: It's hard to run here!
Brook: I can't believe we were separated  from Sanji-san and the others. We're in trouble! We were too captivated by the mystery girl. Oh, watch out, Nami-san!
Nami: Watch out, me!
Brook: No, how could you?!  How could you?!  How could you?!
Nami: Thank you, Brook.
Momonosuke: Onami, they are upon us!
Sheepshead: Yahoo! Is this it, invaders? Hey!  Where'd you hide that girl? How'd you guys make it onto this island? Answer me!  This place is pretty hard to-
Nami: What... what's going on?!
Brook: What is it this time?!
Pirate: It's a Rain-Ruption!
Sheepshead: Again?
Pirate: Get down!
Nami: What is that?! "Rain"? That's way off!  It's a deluge!
Momonosuke: Coming-coming-coming-coming- It is coming this way!
Nami & Momonosuke: No!
Momonosuke: Come no closer!
Brook: I shall protect you no matter what!
Nami: No!
Brook: Nami-san! Momonosuke-san! Help me!
Momonosuke: Assist me, too!
Nami: Geez! You Devil Fruit users are such pains in the butt!
Brook: I'm sorry I couldn't protect you!
Sheepshead: You won't get away from me, you damned invaders!
Nami: Come on, pull yourself together!
Brook: Thank you, as always.
Nami: You too, Momo!
Momonosuke: I am in your debt.
Sheepshead: When in doubt... Just kill! When in doubt... Just kill!
Nami: Brook!
Momonosuke: Sir Bones!
Brook: I finally managed to protect you! Please allow me to handle the rest!
Sheepshead: Tsk!  How arrogant! Sheep's Horn!
Brook: What?!
Nami: What are those arms?
Momonosuke: Sir Bones!
Sheepshead: Take this!
Brook: Soul Parade!
Momonosuke: Sir Bones, that is awe-inspiring!
Brook: What manner of ability is this?
Sanji: Brook! Keep stalling him! Diable Mouton... Shot!
Ginrummy: Sheepshead-sama!
Nami: Sanji-kun!
Sanji: Oh, Nami-swan!
Ginrummy: Who are you people?!
Sanji: And just who are you people...
Ginrummy: What?  How creepy!
Pirates: Ginrummy-sama!
Ginrummy: You lot there!  Retreat! Sheepshead-sama has been done in!
Pirates: What?!
Pirate: But we haven't found the samurai yet!
Ginrummy: We've cornered them this far, and he still hasn't shown himself! "The samurai's not here."  Tell him exactly that!
Pirates: Yes, ma'am!
Nami: Hey, look at that! The water's draining away... What was that all about, I wonder?
Brook: It's certainly one strange island.
Nami: I hope that girl's okay, too...
Brook: She's more agile than we are.  She'll be quite alright.
Nami: You're right.
Chopper: Hey, guys! Get over here right now!
Momonosuke: That be Chop'emon, in the lower forest!
Sanji: Then let's move out!  There's no time to lose!
Kid: What's that noise? What happened?
Pirate: Captain, there's a massive hole!
Kid: A hole?
Pirate: Something's landed! Take arms!
Pirates: Yeah!
Pirate: That's it!
Hawkins: It certainly is quite large.
Killer: Where did it fall from?
Apoo: Just who in the hell caused this?!
Pirate: Hey, doesn't it look human-shaped?
Hawkins: If I recall correctly... There's a legend about a sky island where some monster lives... Somewhere in the sky, around here, right?
Apoo: Are you telling me that it was pushed off of a sky island?!
Pirate: Captain Kid! One of our ships was capsized by the impact!
Kid: What'd you say?! Damn it all!  Who did this?!
Narrator: The strong live, and the weak die. That is just how the world is. A few minutes ago...
Urouge: What precisely are you doing?
Monk: Let us leave him be, High Priest! He must be insane!
Urouge: We're ten thousand meters up in the air.
Narrator: This man was looking for a place to die.
Urouge: If he's serious, why bother to stop him?
Narrator: To sum up his life, he had been defeated seven times as a pirate, and was captured by the Navy or his enemies eighteen times. He underwent torture repeatedly, and lived as a criminal. He wanted to commit suicide... in an extraordinary way by jumping off of a sky island. Hence, the current situation. It bears repeating: Single-handedly, he challenged  the Navy and the Emperors, was captured eighteen times,  and sentenced to death forty times. When hanged, the chain broke. When put under the guillotine, the blade shattered. When sentenced to impalement, the spear splintered. Consequently, he sank nine prison ships. In short, no one could kill him. And that included himself.
Kid: What is it now?
Killer: What the hell is that monster?
Kaidou: Damn, m' head hurts. Guess it's hard to die. I survived again. I'm impressed he pulled it off... That old man, Whitebeard.
Narrator: The man searching for his deathbed: The Beast King Kaidou. People say, "If it's one-on-one, Kaidou will win." Whether on land, sea, or air, he is the pirate known as "the mightiest being alive".
Kaidou: I've no choice, have I?! Damn it all! Hurry up, Joker! Make ready for the final battle! I don't care if this boring world is laid to waste! Let's start the greatest war the world's ever seen!
Narrator: After a decade, Dress Rosa celebrates King Riku's restoration to the throne, as well as the royal debut of their new princess, Rebecca. However, when the Navy's heavyweights,  Inspector General Sengoku... and Great Advisor Tsuru,  show up in front of Fujitora, the die that determines the fate of Luffy  and the others is cast!
