Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the  Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy and his crew formed  a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law, and together they defeated the Royal Warlord, Donquixote Doflamingo. Peace has once again returned to Dress Rosa.
Rebecca: Does it feel warm?
Kyros: Yes, it feels very warm. Soldier-san is valiant... and he will always watch over you!
Luffy: Fujitora Makes His Move All-Out Siege on the Straw Hats
Narrator: Three days after the battle between the Straw Hats and the Donquixote Family...
Sengoku: We finally arrived!
Tsuru: Is Straw Hat Luffy still here in this country?
Marine: Confirmed, ma'am.  He's badly wounded.
Tsuru: I see.
Marine: We've installed lookout units in every port of Dress Rosa. We won't let them escape under any circumstances. Our camp is that way, ma'am.
Tsuru: We better get going, ladies.
Marinettes: Aye aye, ma'am!
Sengoku: You're pretty fired up, Tsuru-chan!
Tsuru: Shut it, you.  Move out.
Sengoku: Isshou, I heard what you did! The prostration and that spat with Sakazuki! I'm glad I'm not fleet admiral anymore!
Tsuru: Cut it out, you expired rice cracker. Must be nice to be an inspector general with barely any responsibilities. Admiral Fujitora,  why haven't you apprehended that pirate? You know where Straw Hat's hiding, do you not?
Fujitora: "The gravely-wounded pirate  who saved the country." Should I consider him an enemy? Or ought I let him go,  being that he's a hero to this country? I can't quite decide for myself.
Sengoku: A die?
Tsuru: This is no laughing matter!
Sengoku: A die!
Tsuru: That's enough from you!
Sengoku: Oh, how scary.
Tsuru: My word! You've been using that to decide?
Fujitora: I decided to leave the fate of  Straw Hat's crew in the hands of providence. Still, Tsuru-san... If he is merely some ordinary person, would he have been saved by providence two days in a row? Today marks the third day, and I haven't been cheating.
Sengoku: You!  I want soba noodles, too.
Marine: Aye aye, sir!  Coming right up, sir!
Fujitora: I thank you for assisting with the transportation of the Celestial Yaksha. However, I'm still in charge here. So you'll allow me to handle this situation as I see fit.
Tsuru: Right, but the Navy can't leave a pirate  with a bounty at large forever.
Mansherry: Please become Dande-donors! People of the Navy, please become Dande-donors!
Fujitora: Ah, you're here again today.
Mansherry: Yes, I am.
Tsuru: Oh my, look how cute she is! If it isn't a gnome!
Mansherry: I'm Mansherry from the Tontatta Tribe!
Marinette: She's cute!
Sengoku: Oh, how rare! Ouch!  Wh-What the...
Mousey: Show due respect, you lot! Princess Mansherry is the Tonta Chief's daughter! She's a princess! Why aren't you bowing your heads?!
Mansherry: It's fine, Mousey.
Mousey: Oh, how merciful she is!
Mansherry: To tell you the truth,  we mustn't show ourselves in Dress Rosa... to anyone but members of the royal family. So I wanted to heal everybody's wounds without being seen.
Sengoku: Hmm, but how?
Viola: Rebecca!  Rebecca! She still has to put on her dress. Where did she go?
Rebecca: What's going on? Why did he make up such a lie?
Riku: It's what Kyros wants.
Citizen: The time has come! Yeah!  I've been waiting for this moment! Me too! Take it away, Gatz!
Citizenry: Gatz!
Gatz: Dear ladies and gentlemen! Today, our dream will finally come true! For on this very day, the king shall return! That's right!  After a decade,  King Riku will announce... his return to the throne today!
Everyone ever: King Riku!  King Riku!  King Riku!  King Riku!
Elizabello: The entire nation is excited. They were fooled by a pirate,  held a grudge against their king, and praised wealth and violence at one point. But ever since they came face-to-face with death, they now wish with all their hearts for a peaceful country. It's absolutely absurd, but I can't laugh at it.
Riku: No one would find that funny. I'm truly happy that they survived. But will I be able to make them happy? I wish I could become an omnipotent king , capable of fending off even natural disasters.
Elizabello: Come now!  Don't get too ahead of yourself!
Riku: I'm kidding! We'll continue on as we have before. What else are we to do?
Elizabello: You're right.
Riku: Until the day Rebecca inherits the throne...
Elizabello: Never mind that.  Are you sure about this? I remember how stubborn Scarlett was when she was young. Rebecca will follow in her footsteps before long, I'm sure.
Riku: What do you mean by that?
Maid: There!  You're all set. Oh, how lovely! Indeed, girls look better in dresses than armor!
Rebecca: You think so?
Maid: You look incredible, Rebecca-sama!
Rebecca: Thank you.
Maid: When you wear that dress, you look exactly like Scarlett-sama! Oh yes, we've heard about your father! They say that Scarlett-sama ran away  with a prince of a far-off foreign land. And that left King Riku no choice but to announce that she was dead. It's like something out of a romance novel! I can only dream about it!
Girl A: A prince from where?
Citizen: I heard he was from a lush country with beautiful lakes. But the country was in a war at that time. She fell for someone she shouldn't have and had a baby.  That was Rebecca. Eh? But sadly, the prince died in the war and... Scarlett-sama and Rebecca- I mean, Rebecca-sama, were left behind, so they were living in hiding in this country. I see.  So she only has pure noble blood in her veins.
Kin'emon: Quite the odd rumor. Kyros-dono is the father of Rebecca-dono, is he not?
Kanjuurou: Hm, I know not. Do you want some lettuce?
Kin'emon: No thank you.
Kyros: Soldier-san is valiant... and he will always watch over you! It must be cold... Yet I can't feel anything with this tin body of mine. I'm gonna teach you how to fight.
Rebecca: That's okay, I've got you to protect me.
Kyros: And what do you plan to do if something happens to me? Here I come!
Rebecca: Mother said that it's bad to hurt people.
Kyros: As proof that I'm always by your side, I'll drop a single flower petal through  the gap in the window every morning.
Citizen: Hooray!
Kin'emon: Ah, they are distributing Mansherry-dono's medicinal flowers!
Kanjuurou: Such wonderful things!   She is doing an excellent job today as well.
Marine: Get in line and wait your turn, please. One per person!
Citizen: Thank you. This medication works really well!  It heals wounds instantly!
Marine: Here.
Boy A: Thank you! Dad!  I got one for you!
Citizen: Today, I'll use this one for the wound on my head.
Boy A: Wow!  It healed completely!
Citizen: It's like magic! I'm so grateful!
Kin'emon: As I thought, there has been an increase in the number of marines! Make haste without giving notice to the Navy, Escape Sparrow!
Mousey: Here.
Gnome: Here ya go.
Mansherry: Thank you!
Marine: So cute!
Sengoku: I see.  We can donate our healing properties like giving blood. What a wonderful ability granted by the Chiyu Chiyu Fruit. Alright, take some from me, too! You'll get enough to cure ten heavily-injured people!
Mansherry: Oh, we can always count on you!
Marine: Then, I'll donate enough for fifteen people!
Sengoku: What's that? Then, I'll donate enough for twenty people!
Marine: I'll donate enough for twenty-five people!
Sengoku: Alright already! Enough for a hundred people, then!
Mansherry: Thank you, but I don't think that's possible.
Fujitora: Tsuru-san. Would you do me the honor of rolling today? If it is anything other than "one," we shall go after Straw Hat and Law at once.
Kin'emon: Sorry to have kept you waiting!
Luffy: Food?!
Usopp: Weren't you just asleep?!
Zoro: The Navy might come at any time. Let's wolf this all down.
Franky: Y-Yeah!
Usopp: Uh, sure!
Luffy: Alright!
Kin'emon: My, my... and they all kept  mentioning how Rebecca-dono's father... is a prince of some country. Aye?
Kanjuurou: Aye.
Zoro: Be mad, cry, hurry, sleep, or eat! Just pick one! So damned irritating!
Luffy: Rebecca's father is the old soldier-
Usopp: You're not fully recovered! Quit being a pig and go back to sleep!
Zoro: Well, I can get why you wouldn't like it.
Usopp: Are you sure about that, Kin'emon?
Kin'emon: Of course, I heard it with mine ears!
Kanjuurou: I, too, for certain!
Kyros: I started the rumor. The only people who know about Rebecca's birth are some people in the royal family, and some people in the  Donquixote Family who did their research. Countrywide, people only know of her mother. I started the rumor before they could find out I was her father.
Robin: Why?
Kyros: I have a criminal record. I was ill-bred, too. I was never worthy of marrying into the royal family. And that's why... This is how it should be.
Luffy: No it ain't! Does Rebecca know that?!
Kyros: She must've received the letter by now. I wrote the truth about everything I've done in my life. I've caused her suffering for a long time. I want her to cut her connections to people like me, and live happily ever after, openly. That's the only way I can make it up to her as a father. I'm thinking about leaving this country when you guys do. Rebecca's still a child. I don't want her to ruin her chance at being happy by being caught up in the moment! I've also convinced his majesty!
Usopp and Zoro: He's so not cool with this...
Kyros: What now?
Leo: Commander! Uh, I mean, Kyros-sama!  Leo here!
Bartolomeo: Zoro-senpai! Oh, Luffy-senpai!  You've awoken! Good morning! When five members of the Straw Hats are gathered, they're too bright to even gaze upon! It's like a laser beam of epicness! If I see all the stars of the  Straw Hats someday, I'll turn to dust!
Zoro: Just spit out what you're here for already!
Bartolomeo: Oh, yeah! There's a lotta commotion at the Navy camp! They're gonna be here any minute! The Great Advisor, Vice Admiral Tsuru, and the former Fleet Admiral, Sengoku, have arrived!
Franky: Tsuru and Sengoku?!
Usopp: What are those heavyweights doing here?!   They need to get lost!
Law: Sengoku...
Kyros: Leo, what did you call me for?
Leo: Oh, the Navy is making their move right now!
Fujitora: It's a "six." And so heaven wills it! All naval units! Apprehend the Straw Hats, Trafalgar Law, and all felons hidden at the Palace at once!
Marines: Yes, sir!
Marine: Admiral!  Do we have permission to enter the Palace, sir?
Fujitora: You needn't worry about anything. I will take full responsibility!
Marine: Roger!
Narrator: To protect the Straw Hats from the looming Navy blockade, the army of fighters from the Colosseum begin their escape plan. Meanwhile, Luffy dashes toward the palace on his own, starting some big trouble that stirs up the whole country!
