Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the  Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy and his crew formed  a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law, and together they defeated the Royal Warlord, Donquixote Doflamingo. Peace has once again returned to Dress Rosa.
Tsuru: Admiral Fujitora,  why haven't you apprehended that pirate? You know where Straw Hat's hiding, do you not?
Fujitora: "The gravely-wounded pirate  who saved the country." Should I consider him an enemy? Or ought I let him go,  being that he's a hero to this country? I can't quite decide for myself.
Maid: Oh yes, we've heard about your father! They say that Scarlett-sama ran away  with a prince of a far-off foreign land.
Citizen: But sadly, the prince died in the war and... Scarlett-sama and Rebecca- I mean, Rebecca-sama, were left behind, so they were living in hiding in this country.
Kin'emon: Quite the odd rumor. Kyros-dono is the father of Rebecca-dono, is he not?
Kyros: I started the rumor. I have a criminal record. I was ill-bred, too. I was never worthy of marrying into the royal family. And that's why... This is how it should be.
Luffy: No it ain't! Does Rebecca know that?!
Kyros: She must've received the letter by now. I wrote the truth about everything I've done in my life.
Fujitora: It's a "six." And so heaven wills it! All naval units! Apprehend the Straw Hats, Trafalgar Law, and all felons hidden at the Palace at once!
Luffy: State of Emergency Rebecca's Been Kidnapped!
Bastille: They have no choice but to set out to sea. We've deployed soldiers to all ports  and taken control of them. There's nowhere left for them to run in this country! Go get 'em, but watch yourselves!
Marines: Yes, sir!
Fujitora: I shall leave the rest to you.
Bastille: Yes, sir!
Kyros: The Navy's on the move.  Hurry up and get ready!
Usopp: They're finally coming for us!
Kin'emon: You need not tell us that. We have been prepared to escape at a moment's notice. We were merely waiting for Luffy-dono to awaken.
Kanjuurou: Aye, if anything, I am baffled as to why they have not yet attempted to apprehend us.
Kin'emon: But we have a problem.  We are without a vessel.
Usopp: You're right! Where're we gonna find a ship so we can escape?!
Kyros: Leo, did you do what I asked of you?
Leo: Absolutely.  I did everything you asked.
Marine: It's dangerous here!  Stay out of our way! We're in pursuit of pirates! Clear the way!
Kid A: Huh?  They're after Lucy, too?!
Citizen: No way...
Leo: Rooster-san, they look like they're headed to the Palace as well! The warriors are in danger!
Bartolomeo: Gotcha!  Thanks for lookin' out for us, little guy! We've been keepin' an eye on  the Navy the whole time ourselves. Everything'll be alright!
Leo: I see!
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai and the rest of you, I'll lead the way! Run straight to the eastern port!
Usopp: But the Navy's got men all over the town, right?! What're we gonna do about them?
Bartolomeo: Don't worry! Our allies've been standing by at strategic points for quite a while... to help y'all to escape from this country whenever you woke up! We'll clear the way for ya! We have a ship for you at the east port!
Franky: Thanks tons! We let Nami and the others take the Sunny, so we didn't know what to do.
Bartolomeo: Aww, don't mention it! We all fought together as a team! We can't let 'em capture our king now!
Luffy: Bellamy!  Can you get up?
Bellamy: Yeah.  I can even run.
Luffy: Okay, that's good.
Bellamy: Trafalgar, why didn't you leave me to my fate? That place was supposed to be my deathbed.
Law: Straw Hatter insisted you were his friend, so I brought you along, just in case. Feel free to die here if you want.
Bellamy: I've fully recovered, thanks to that gnome. Why do I have to die fighting the Navy?!
Law: Just find some way to die, idiot.
Bellamy: The hell did you say?!
Law: You haven't even thanked me.
Bartolomeo: Hey, hey now!  We don't have time to think! Let's just get running, my comrades in arms! Alright, let's go!
Marine: They're leaving! Capture every last one of them! Open fire!
Bartolomeo: Oops!  Let me handle this! Barrier!
Marine: Don't stop!  Fire, fire, fire!
Bartolomeo: Okay, this way, everybody! You'll be in deep trouble if you run into Fujitora! Whatever you do, don't get separated! Huh?  Luffy-senpai?!
Luffy: There's something I've gotta do, so just go on ahead!
Bartolomeo: What?!
Zoro: Luffy, we don't have much time! Do what you gotta do, but do it fast! We'll be waiting for you at the eastern port!
Luffy: Got it!
Zoro: Make like the wind!
Bartolomeo: Zoro-senpai, you're heading south! But even that aspect of you is so cool!
Marine: That's Straw Hat! Fire, fire!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Balloon! Gomu Gomu no... Gatling!
Tank: Your majesty.
Riku: Tank. Would you fetch Viola and Rebecca?
Tank: At once.
Riku: Let's go down into the town. We shall declare to the nation  the return of the Riku Family to the throne.
Tank: Yes, right away! I have been looking forward to this moment for so long!
Riku: Let us start anew.
Rebecca: Huh?  Lucy?!
Viola: Yes, he's being chased by marines. I suppose he'll be setting sail soon.
Rebecca: Oh no... I haven't even thanked him properly!
Fujitora: Shall we see if he's run out of luck? Let's put it to the test... with all my might!
Bastille: Going forward, I'm assuming command of all units... on behalf of Isshou-san! Continue pursuit of the criminals that were hidden at the Palace!
Marines: Yes, sir!
Bastille: How are we faring with Straw Hat's party on the hill in Carta?
Bartolomeo: Hey, this way, everybody! Sogeking-senpai! Even when you trip and fall, you look so cool!
Usopp: Is it really safe to run through town like this?!
Bartolomeo: Don't worry!  Let's hurry up!
Marine: We're currently chasing after the pirates! They appear to be heading toward the eastern port!
Bastille: Very well.  Put me through to the eastern port!
Jeet: Yes, this is the Navy lookout unit at the eastern port, over!
Abdullah: Nothing to report, over!
Bastille: "Nothing to report"?! How dare you respond so nonchalantly?! The pirates are headed your way!
Jeet: Oh no, sir, it's quite peaceful out here. We don't need any more backup, over!
Abdullah: Over!
Bastille: You... State your names and Marine codes.
Jeet: Sir? Oh, ummm...
Bastille: Dammit all! The eastern port has been seized! Send reinforcements east!
Marine: Yes, sir!
Cavendish: Go on ahead, straight to the port!
Usopp: Thanks!
Sai: Don't waste my time by telling me how grateful you are! Debt upon debt! We already have far too much to repay!
Usopp: I-I-Is that a roadblock ahead?
Hajrudin: Go!
Usopp: Thanks!
Marine: Th-The criminals that were supposed to be at the Palace... have appeared in the ruins of the eastern town!
Bastille: What?! So is the Palace empty?!
Luffy: Wha...  Huh...  What the... Come on, dammit, come on! My arm's stuck!
Marine: Straw Hat! Why's he here?
Luffy: I'm so dizzy!
Marine: We're in front of the Palace! S-Straw Hat is...
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Fireworks! Rebecca! Rebecca!  Where are you?!
Bastille: Why is Straw Hat in front of the Palace?! You had better not let him get away!
Marine: Yes, sir!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Gigant Pistol!
Maid: Wh-What was that?
Luffy: Rebecca! Hey, Rebecca!
Rebecca: Somebody's calling for me! Lucy?! Lucy!  I'm up here! Lucy!
Maid: You mustn't, Rebecca-sama!   You shouldn't be talking to a pirate!
Luffy: There she is! Rebecca!
Rebecca: Lucy! Lucy!
Honor Guard: Straw Hat!  What are you doing here?
Rebecca: Lucy...
Centurion: Please stand back, Rebecca-sama!
Viola: Straw Hat?
Rebecca: Lucy! I'm so glad!   I really wanted to thank you...
Luffy: Shut up! I ain't here for that! Are you really sure?! About the soldier?! You'll never see him again!
Rebecca: Lucy... I received a letter from him. Soldier-san is trying his best to distance himself from me. He's trying to make me a stranger. Quit talking like you're my father! Why is that? Is it because I was mean to him? There's no way you can beat Doflamingo! You're just a one-legged toy! Does he just not want to live with me? Am I just a nuisance?
Luffy: How would I know?!  Think for yourself! I gotta get out of this country right now! I only came here to ask if you were okay leaving things like this!
Rebecca: Of course I'm not! I don't want this!
Luffy: Then you wanna come with me?
Rebecca: Yeah, let's go!
Centurion: What?  Rebecca-sama...
Viola: Rebecca, Straw Hat!  Please wait!
Rebecca: Viola-san! I have a favor to ask!
Luffy: We're outta here! Hang on tight!
Rebecca: Got it!
Marine: He's escaping!
Maid: Th-This is terrible!
Riku: What's the matter? What did you say? What pirate from where?!  What did he look like?! Was it one of the competitors from the Colosseum?!
Citizen: Rebecca-sama has been abducted from the Palace! Straw Hat Luffy did it! You're kidding! He's gotta be holding her for ransom!
Gatz: I can't believe Lucy did that! How audacious! Even so... I still... like ya!
Citizen: What are you talking about, Gatz?!
Maynard: See?!  This is what happens when you place your trust in pirates and allow them safe harbor! Capture Straw Hat as quickly as possible and rescue Princess Rebecca!
Marine: There he is! Special sniper unit. Take aim and shoot him down!
Citizen: The Marines just suddenly...
Bastille: Our men collapsed? Was it Conqueror's Haki?
Marine: Negative, sir, they seem to still be conscious...
Bastille: Well, whatever it was,  they're going to escape from the eastern port! Send warships as well! All units, head east for Carta!
Marines: Yes, sir!
Bartolomeo: Keep running!  We'll be there soon!
Sengoku: Hang in there.  The rescue team will be here any minute.
Marine: Y-Yes, sir...
Sengoku: Want some rice crackers?
Marine: No, thank you.
Sengoku: They're here.
Citizen: Oh, there he is! Stop! Catch Lucy!
Luffy: Catch this!
Narrator: Kyros wishes for his daughter's happiness as he embarks on a journey from which he will never return. Meanwhile, Rebecca shakes off her pursuers with Luffy's help, then rushes off to see her father. Will the fated father and daughter, who overcame numerous hardships, be able to see each other again?
