Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the  Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy and his crew formed  a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law, and together they defeated  the Royal Warlord, Donquixote Doflamingo. Peace has once again returned to Dress Rosa.
Rebecca: Does he just not want to live with me? Am I just a nuisance?
Luffy: How would I know?!  Think for yourself! I gotta get out of this country right now! I only came here to ask if you were okay leaving things like this!
Rebecca: Of course I'm not! I don't want this!
Luffy: Then you wanna come with me?
Rebecca: Yeah, let's go!
Luffy: The Bond Between Father and Daughter Kyros and Rebecca!
Citizen: Once a pirate, always a pirate! I'll never trust a pirate again! I thought you were a hero! Catch Lucy! Let go of Rebecca-sama! Free her! You can't get away! Catch Lucy!
Luffy: They just won't quit!
Marine Officer: Our target is Straw Hat!
Rebecca: What do we do now, Lucy?
Marine Officer: Charge!
Luffy: Let's go!
Marine Officer: Capture him! Aim carefully!
Luffy: Oh, crap! Sea Stone!
Rebecca: Are you okay, Lucy?! Lucy! It came off!
Marine Officer: That's as far as you go, Straw Hat! Let the princess go!
Rebecca: Lucy!
Luffy: Get on!
Marine Officer: Arrest him!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Whip! Gatling!
Marine: Son of a...
Rebecca: No way! Lucy!
Citizen: Whoa!  What's going on?! Lucy?! That's my meat!
Rebecca: I'm sorry!
Luffy: Rebecca! I'll leave you behind the hill and lure them away. The rest is on you! The whole nation is trying to protect you. If you're caught, they'll take you back to the Palace. Just watch out.
Rebecca: I will, but where should I go?
Luffy: The soldier's at the small house on the flower hill.
Rebecca: The flower hill? Okay, I got it!
Luffy: You better hurry or he'll be gone.
Rebecca: Thank you. Thank you for everything, Lucy!
Luffy: Sure, don't mention it!
Scarlett: Her name will be Rebecca. Kyros, hold her. She's your daughter.
Kyros: I can't touch something so pure! My hands are tainted! I don't want to corrupt her! Rebecca, you're like an angel. I'll be with you.  I'll always watch over you! You're such a cutie... You're crying again. Scarlett... I've fulfilled my duty. Forgive me for lying about not being your other half. I did it all so that Rebecca can live a happy life.
Rebecca: I need to hurry. Mother! Mother, look at all the flowers I picked!
Scarlett: My, Rebecca!
Rebecca: Would you like one?
Scarlett: Thank you, I think I'll take one. And this is from mother to you!
Rebecca: Would you like one?
Kyros: Thank you!
Rebecca: We sold all the flowers today!
Scarlett: Yes, we did.  Perhaps people bought them because you're so cute!
Kyros: You're such a good girl for  helping your mother, Rebecca! I'll go to the palace. Alright, Scarlett?  Rebecca?
Rebecca: Father?
Kyros: I-I couldn't protect her. I'm sorry! I couldn't protect your mother! I couldn't protect your mother, but I'll protect you with my life.
Rebecca: I want my mother! You couldn't protect my mother.  I hate you! Soldier-san! Does it feel warm?
Kyros: Yes, it feels very warm. Soldier-san is valiant... and he will always watch over you!
Rebecca: Don't go... I... I still... haven't said anything I want to say!
Kyros: Rebecca...
Rebecca: I want to live in the same house as you, one day. Soldier-san!
Kyros: I'm gonna teach you how to fight.
Rebecca: Mother said that it's bad to hurt people.
Kyros: I'm teaching you this so that you don't get hurt. On your feet, Rebecca! Be strong! Because you were a member of the royal family, you've had to flee from place to place, and endured endless scorn for a decade. That's why, this time... I want you to have your chance at happiness as a member of the royal family. I can't stay here, either. Rebecca!
Rebecca: Don't go making up lies!
Kyros: Oh, is this about the letter? I wasn't lying! In the past, I really was just some  worthless guy who did nothing but fight. And whatever my reasons may have been... the fact is, I did kill. So that's why...
Rebecca: I'm not the daughter of some prince! I don't know anyone like that! It doesn't matter if he killed hundreds of people  or how tainted his hands are. I only have one father! I'm the daughter of Kyros! So don't go making up lies!
Kyros: Until the day you can find true happiness, I'll always be by your side.
Rebecca: Stay by my side like you promised, Soldier-san!
Kyros: Y-You're fine with me being your father?
Rebecca: Yeah!  Let's live together! Father!
Kyros: Yeah... Yeah!
Viola: Rebecca will not be returning to the Palace, Father.
Riku: Viola... I thought as much.
Viola: Indeed.  That's what she wants.
Rebecca: I'm sorry, Viola-san, but could you  take my place and become princess?
Scarlett: I'm sorry, Viola, but could you  take my place and become princess?
Viola: Sister? This is the second time in my life that someone has asked me for such an odd favor.
Riku: I see.  Like mother, like daughter.
Usopp: Luffy still isn't here?
Cavendish: Trafalgar Law's not here, either!
Ideo: What are both of our bosses doing?
Bartolomeo: We can't hold back everything that comes our way...
Zoro: That guy must be...
Usopp: Fujitora! Fujitora!
Bartolomeo: And there's a dangerous one! Luffy-senpai, hurry up!
Bastille: "Fools rush in where angels fear to tread." I've already sent reinforcements to the eastern port where Straw Hat's heading. The warships seaside and Isshou-san will pincer them. With this, we'll capture the Straw Hats and the felons in a single stroke!
Usopp: Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What're we gonna do?!
Zoro: Ain't it obvious?
Bartolomeo: Zoro-senpai! You guys oughta stay back! Just leave it...
Cavendish: ...to us!
Bastille: Hey!  What happened to the  eastern port reinforcements?!
Marine: Sir! Well, most of our units have been incapacitated...
Bastille: What do you mean?
Marine: The bullets and gunpowder have vanished from their rifles! And all their other weapons - swords, pistols, axes, spears, and knives... ...went missing, too! They must have been stolen. And at the port, the warships are stuck together as if they were sewn to each other, so they can't set sail! How do you even sew iron together?! Just cut the string!  Cut it! But we don't have any knives! Meanwhile, the soldiers who suddenly collapsed are still paralyzed...
Bastille: What are you doing, you incompetents?!
Marine: I apologize, sir!
Bastille: So you're just gonna let the Straw Hats and the other criminals walk away?! Do something!
Marine: W-We'll do our best, sir!
Mansherry: Is it really okay to take this much  healing power from them today, Mousey? The donors will be paralyzed if we take too much out of them.
Mousey: It's fine, we have permission! From Kyros-sama. Just do as I say, Princess!
Mansherry: Okay!  Then I won't hesitate! There are still so many heavily-injured people!
Marine: I know you're in the middle of taking donations, but we have to go...
Mansherry: We'll be all done soon!
Marine: Oh, I'll just wait then! According to the locals, all these strange occurrences are the work of fairies.
Bastille: Cut the fairy crap, you imbecile!
Marine: I-I-I-I'm sorry, sir!
Bartolomeo: B-Barrier!
Sai: Can your barrier even hold him back?!
Bartolomeo: If it were breakable, it wouldn't be called a barrier! Just hold him off until Luffy-senpai and Trafalgar get here!
The Dudes: Yeah!
Luffy: Are they fighting?!
Sengoku: Want some rice crackers?
Law: I don't want any.  Just get on with it.
Sengoku: A boy with White Lead Disease?! So there was a survivor from White Town?!
Corazón: He hates everything about the world. Feels like I'm watching my  older brother when he was a kid.
Sengoku: I feel sorry for him, but there's no way to cure White Lead Disease. Don't get too involved, or you'll give yourself away.
Corazón: Yes, sir.  Understood. I'm just here to stop my brother. Doflamingo is a savage man. I won't let him reach Dress Rosa.
Sengoku: On that day, a Marine died. That Marine was someone special to me. I met him when he was a kid, and I thought of him as my son. He was very honest, and he had a stronger sense of justice than anyone I know. He was a most trustworthy subordinate. But only once in his lifetime did he ever lie to me.
Corazón: Is it true that you've made a deal for the Ope Ope Fruit? My brother has found out.
Sengoku: What?!  But it's top secret!
Law: Cora-san must be talking to...
Sengoku: That'll be it for Doflamingo! We'll wait for him at Swallow Island... and ambush him, catching the entire Donquixote Family in one fell swoop! You stay away from the island!
Corazón: I was planning on it.
Marine: Landing party, reporting in. There is a commander of  the Donquixote Family among the dead. Code name: Corazón. Photo transmitted.  Please confirm.
Sengoku: Rocinante! Why were you there on the island?! He betrayed my trust. Still, he must have had a reason. Four things were lost during that incident: The Barrels Pirates. My subordinate. The Ope Ope Fruit. And who was residing with the  Donquixote Family at the time... a boy suffering from White Lead Disease!
Law: Yeah. Me.
Narrator: Admiral Fujitora and his overwhelming strength  stand in the way of the escaping Straw Hat party. But Luffy stands up against him with all his might, keeping his wish to be the Pirate King in mind. When their stubborn wills collide, sparks fly from their all-out attacks!
