Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the  Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew  are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy and his crew formed  a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law, and together they defeated  the Royal Warlord, Donquixote Doflamingo. Peace has once again returned to Dress Rosa. However, the Navy Admiral has finally entered the fray, intent on decisively capturing  all pirates on the island.
Bartolomeo: Zoro-senpai! You guys oughta stay back! Just leave it...
Cavendish: ...to us!
Sengoku: On that day, a Marine died. That Marine was someone special to me. I met him when he was a kid, and I thought of him as my son. He was very honest, and he had a stronger sense of justice than anyone I know. He was a most trustworthy subordinate. But only once in his lifetime did he ever lie to me.
Marine: Landing party, reporting in. There is a commander of  the Donquixote Family among the dead. Code name: Corazón.
Sengoku: Rocinante! Why were you there on the island?! Still, he must have had a reason. Four things were lost during that incident: The Barrels Pirates. My subordinate. The Ope Ope Fruit. And who was residing with the  Donquixote Family at the time... a boy suffering from White Lead Disease!
Law: Yeah. Me.
Luffy: The Pride of Men Luffy VS Fujitora: Head-to-Head
Sengoku: I thought so. So you're the reason why Rocinante took a half-year break from his mission?
Law: Yeah, he took me to quite a few hospitals.
Sengoku: And then he went after the Ope Ope Fruit, sacrificing himself to save you in the process? I just want to know what exactly it was he died for.
Law: Yeah, alright. Actually, we were gonna escape together. He gave me back my life and my humanity. I'm forever in his debt. And it's solely for that reason I've remained alive.   I wanted to kill Doflamingo on his behalf! But... I don't know if this is how he wanted me to live, as a bearer of the name "D".
Sengoku: "D"?
Law: Just like Straw Hat, I also have that secret name. You're the former Fleet Admiral. You wouldn't happen to know something about the meaning behind "D", would you?
Sengoku: No idea.
Law: Hey, don't play dumb!
Sengoku: At the very least, I know Rocinante had no idea. In other words, that wasn't the reason he saved you. Don't search for a reason... for somebody to love you!
Corazón: I love you!
Sengoku: So he's another one of them. Those that bear the name "D" always lead unfortunate lives. If I were still on active duty, I would've imprisoned you to have more time to talk, but... Ironically, you're the only person who I can share  the memory of Rocinante with - a pirate, at that. If we really want to do something in his memory, both you and I... should never forget him. That's good enough. You live your life as you like. That's what... ...he would say.
Bartolomeo: Go on and break my barrier if you can!
Fujitora: Oh, so that's a barrier? This might be a tough one.
Usopp: Wh-Wh-Wh-What?!
Law: What the?!
Sengoku: This must be... So he's going at it...
Citizen: What the, what the?! Oh, the rubble... Get away from it! What in the world is going on? The broken buildings are rising up into the air! All the rubble in the country is flying toward the east port!
Gatz: What in the world is... going on here?! Is this the work of a god? Or perhaps some mysterious birds? There's only one person who's capable of this on the island now! This is the doing of the Navy Admiral, Fujitora!
Fujitora: Well... I suppose nobody's using any of this. This is all that's left after those hideous pirates fought!
Ideo: Don't tell me he's gonna use that as a weapon!
Chinjao: A barrier that only covers a limited area won't stand a chance against this!
Franky: Is he crazy?!
Bartolomeo: That ain't fair!
Leo: What is happening?! We don't have time to be surprised! We gotta go help the Usolanders!
Riku: Is he planning on bringing down the pirates with that?
Viola: No one will survive that!
Kyros: This is unbelievable! Does this mean their escape plan failed?!
Rebecca: Lucy!
Tsuru: Vice Admiral Bastille. Bastille!
Bastille: Huh?  Oh, oh, Tsuru-san! My sincere apologies. I couldn't believe my eyes, so I...
Tsuru: Still need... reinforcements?
Bastille: No, ma'am! All Navy units! Reinforcements are no longer required in the east! All units, fall back from the eastern port! Evacuate all personnel and lead civilians somewhere safe! Do not interfere with Isshou-san... I mean, the Navy Admiral!
Usopp: What the hell is that?!
Law: Hey, guys! We're in danger no matter where we are! Head to the port on the double and set sail!
Cavendish: Got it, Trafal... Gah! Law! We've been waiting on you and Straw Hat! Where the hell were you?!
Sai: Everybody, head for the ship! Prepare to cast off!
Pirates: Aye, aye!
Pirate: Hurry up!  Prepare to cast off! Run, run!
Zoro: I don't mind running off to the ship, but... I don't think he'll let us slip away.
Usopp: Over there!  Here he comes! Luffy!
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai!  Hurry up!
Cavendish: Straw Hat!
Sai: Everybody's here!  Run for the ship!
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai! Watch out for Fujitora, he's right there!
Luffy: It's that guy!
Fujitora: You're spirited, I'll give you that.  But... I cannot step aside. This job brings its share of bad karma.
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai, hurry up! Just dodge him somehow!
Luffy: Dodge? Hey, old gambler guy! Do you remember me?!
Fujitora: I've been expecting you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: Gonna punch you! Gomu Gomu no... Elephant Gun!
Bartolomeo: Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Luffy-senpai! Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Luffy-senpai! Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Luffy-senpai! Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Luffy-senpai! Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Luffy-senpai! Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Luffy-senpai! Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Luffy-senpai! He's one of the Navy HQ's greatest military powers, a Navy Admiral!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Elephant Gun!
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai! He's a Navy Admiral!  Whaddya think yer doin'?!
Luffy: "We'll beat them someday" isn't good enough anymore! He may be a Navy Admiral, but why should I run?! I would've done that two years ago, but not now! Everyone focus on escaping! Right now, we can't beat these guys! Even if they're a Navy Admiral or an Emperor, I gotta beat 'em all! Or else... There's no way I'll be Pirate King!
Franky: Well, I guess that's true.
Usopp: Ah, geez, Luffy! Well, it's already come to this, so just knock him out!
Bartolomeo: What?!  Usopp-senpai, not you too! Are you serious?!  He's a Navy Admiral!
Luffy: I ain't gonna hold back, old man!
Fujitora: Very well, I shall also do all that is  in my power to bring you in. Steel yourself!
Luffy: Gonna punch you! Gomu Gomu no... Hawk Bullet!
Bartolomeo: Why's he gotta be so serious about fightin' at a time like this?
Cavendish: Are you out of your mind, Straw Hat?!
Sai: Should we help?
Luffy: Gonna stomp you! Gomu Gomu no... Hawk Axe!
Zoro: I'm totally on board with what Luffy said, but why's he fighting strangely?
Usopp: What're you doing, Luffy?!
Luffy: A whole buncha punches! Gomu Gomu no... Hawk Gatling! Gonna kick you! Gonna kick and punch you! Whad's dis?!
Usopp: Luffy!
Luffy: Oh yeah... Old man, you're a Devil Fruit user! Headbutt! Gonna kick you! Oh, crap!  I meant "punch"! Sorry, old man!
Fujitora: No worries. It didn't even graze me.
Luffy: Here I go, old man! Gonna punch you! Gonna kick and punch you! A whole buncha punches! Push you! Head! Stomp you! My body's getting lighter and heavier... What's going on?!
Bartolomeo: Straw Hat! That's why I told ya to run, Luffy-senpai!
Luffy: I'm not gonna... run anymore!
Fujitora: Indeed.  You appear strong enough to back those words. I like your tenacity, however...
Luffy: Gonna punch you!
Fujitora: What exactly have you been doing all this time? Announcing you're going to "kick" or "punch" me... Are you taking pity on me?! I'm a Navy Headquarters Admiral! Everyone says I'm like a monster! I don't want anybody going easy on me after all these years! Does it bother you that a blind man is on the battlefield?! If you wanted to anger me, you succeeded! I'll chop off your head before you know it!
Luffy: Shut up! I just can't hit a blind man  like you without saying something! Because I don't hate you! What's so funny?! Gonna kick you!
Fujitora: Your sympathy! What purpose does it serve?
Luffy: A whole buncha punches!
Fujitora: How very disappointing!  You make no sense!
Luffy: Gonna punch you... ...with everything I've got!
Fujitora: When men fight, they should fight in a way befitting their position. You cannot... show pity, nor tell someone you like or hate them  in such a straightforward manner!
Luffy: Shut up! I don't care about that at all!
Fujitora: You're such a fool! I fight as befits my position,  even though I don't want to! Gravity Sword!
Zoro: Oh, crap!  Run for it!
Fujitora: Raging Tiger!
Narrator: Under darkened skies, the Straw Hats run in desperation,  seeking escape from Dress Rosa. However, the enraged Admiral Fujitora doesn't give up the chase. In a hopeless situation where they have nowhere to run, a finishing attack aimed at  Luffy and company finally comes crashing down!
