Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the  Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy and his crew formed  a Pirate Alliance with Trafalgar Law, and together they defeated  the Royal Warlord, Donquixote Doflamingo. Peace has once again returned to Dress Rosa. However, the Navy Admiral has finally entered the fray, intent on decisively capturing  all pirates on the island.
Luffy: No Way Out Admiral Fujitora's Ruthless Pursuit!
Cavendish: There's Straw Hat, Hajrudin!
Luffy: Hey!  Leggo of me, giant!
Cavendish: Take him to the ship!
Zoro: Alright, Luffy!  It's my turn!
Bartolomeo: Don't, don't!  Please stop, Zoro-senpai! We've already made arrangements!
Zoro: "Arrangements"?
Usopp: Hey, you said you had a ship for us at the port, but there are probably too many-
Orlumbus: Look around you!  No one would want to moor their ship in such a dangerous port!
Usopp: Wha?! I-Is this... Th-These ships are all lined up! There's so many!
Orlumbus: You've got that right! The others' ships are in the fog, five kilometers ahead! Cross the sea by taking this connecting bridge,  courtesy of our Great Yonta Maria Fleet!
Usopp: "Connecting bridge"?!
Orlumbus: Yes.  It's a bridge on the water that's... connected to our fifty Nita Marias by rope!
Luffy: Hey!  I'm still fighting! Let go!
Cavendish: Stop it already!  I beg you!
Luffy: Hey, lemme go!  I wanna fight!
Hajrudin: Some other time.  We have things to do.
Fujitora: I know you're trying to escape, but I shan't allow it. It's much too late for you, Straw Hat.
Swabbie: Wh-What's that noise?
Bartolomeo: That admiral's serious!
Jeet: Here they come, here they come!
Gatz: What's this?  The rubble started moving!
Riku: This means...
Viola: It's chasing after Straw Hat's group!
Rebecca: Lucy...
Fujitora: What do you think, Straw Hat? Though I cannot see it myself, I know it is right before your eyes. The dark sky is telling you that you've nowhere to run. As you set sail, rubble shall rain upon you without end. Your entire armada will sink. Can you not see? If by some chance you escape me, the Four Emperors will take action. By taking down Joker, you'll be targeted for execution. And your future will be nothing short of hell. You may have pitied me for my blindness, but... I asked for this. I blinded myself because there are  so many things I wish I had not seen. Well, then.
Usopp: Is there anywhere to run?! I don't wanna die to garbage!
Fujitora: At least permit me to guide you to hell! This is the end for you!
Citizen: Give us back Rebecca, Lucy! Weren't you a hero, Lucy?!
Fujitora: Is that...
Citizen: This country has done a lot of harm to her! Don't further her misery!
Fujitora: Citizens, halt your advance! Past this point are only criminals! Come no further!  I shall put an end to-
Citizen: Outta our way, Navy dog! We don't need your help! We'll shake off the pirates ourselves!
Usopp: It's not coming down!
Viola: Father, the townsfolk are...
Riku: Hm?  What's wrong?
Viola: They're rushing toward the port! Thousands of them!
Riku: What?!
Jeet: What is it?  It's pretty noisy back there!
Abdullah: It's the people of Dress Rosa! What do they want now?
Luffy: What the... Hey, giant!  Let go of me!
Hajrudin: Quit asking already.
Luffy: I ain't gonna fight anymore! What are they doing?
Citizen: Prepare yourself, Lucy! Don't let him get away! We won't forgive you, you dirty pirates! Save Rebecca-sama! Lucy! Lucy! We'll catch you no matter what! Get ships under way! Let's chase him out to sea!
Fujitora: They're...
Citizen: Lucy! You won't get away, you jerk!
Fujitora: There is not a single trace of resentment in their voices.
Citizen: Lucy, wait!  Give us back Rebecca-sama!
Girl A: Hey, everybody! I saw Rebecca-sama at the house on the top of the hill with Kyros-sama!
Citizen: That so?  But everyone already knew that.
Girl A: Huh?!
Citizen: If Kyros-sama gives in, they'll stay together... because they're actually father and daughter. We adults have known that for sixteen years. We knew about Scarlett-sama and her family of three, living happily on the top of the hill. We've known about the true identity of the fairies, too! We've all been watching them.
Girl A: Really?
Citizen: Anyway, we gotta run faster! We need to help the saviors of our country escape! If we follow Lucy, Fujitora won't be able to drop the rubble from the sky! Wait, Lucy!  Give us back, Rebecca-sama! Wait, you bastard!
Gatz: Alright, head for the eastern port! It's our turn to help the heroes who saved our country! Go, go!  Keep going! Keep on going!  And keep going after that!
Luffy: Wow, that's amazin'! There's a whole buncha people!
Fujitora: You are truly honest to a fault, Straw Hat Luffy. I suppose everyone here wants to help you. What kind of person are you, exactly? What color is your hair? What shape are your eyes? What do you look like? I wish I hadn't closed these eyes. I'd have liked to see your face. I wager you have the face of someone kind. Now, what shall I do with this weapon I've raised? How embarrassing of me.
Marine: All soldiers have retreated! However, citizens are running to the port!
Bastille: What's Isshou-san doing? How long does he plan to keep all that rubble in the sky?
Bartolomeo: Well, wouldja look at that!
Luffy; Usopp and Franky: Whoa, it's huge!
Bartolomeo: Ain't she a beaut?
Cavendish: She's not yours!
Bartolomeo: Right, make it quick and climb aboard! This's a state of emergency! I'll show you my ship later! It'll knock yer socks off!
Luffy and Usopp: It's so big!
Hajrudin: Straw Hat! I have four giant mercenary friends! I eventually want to unify all the Giant tribes with them. Together, we'll revive the Giant Pirates that once terrorized the world!
Usopp: The Giant Pirates! Those were the glory days of Masters Dorry and Brogy!
Luffy: Oh yeah?  You'll be a tough enemy to fight! Well, I guess we'll see you again someday, somewhere!
Usopp: I wanna go to Elbaf!
Orlumbus: Our Great Yonta Maria Fleet numbers 56 ships! I just know we'll be able to help you out!
Robin: Help us?
Leo: Luffyland, we got permission from Chief Tonta! We wanna join you, too!
Luffy: "Join"?
Ideo: We won't lose in a fair fight, but we can't call ourselves champions without fighting pirates!
Blue Gilly: So, Ideo and I joined forces and decided to set out to sea!
Abdullah and Jeet: Hey, we're with you guys, too! Don't forget about us, bros!
Suleiman: This guy's allowing me to join his crew.
Cavendish: I'm doing you a favor, so you'd better call me Captain! And as for you! Don't forget that I'm more experienced than you! Even if I go along with you, I'll be the most popular!
Luffy: What're you guys talking about? You're free to do whatever you want!
Jeet: Well, the fact is we totally hit it off while we were staying at the Palace for two days!
Orlumbus: I shall explain! Just so you know, we decided the order by lot. First, the Beautiful Pirates, 75 members! Their representative is their  captain, Cavendish the White Horse! Next, the Barto Club, 56 members! Their captain: Bartolomeo the Cannibal! The Happou Navy, about 1,000 men strong! And their thirteenth leader... Don Sai!
Chinjao: Not bad.
Baby 5: Honey, you look great! I just called him "Honey"...
Orlumbus: The XXX Gym Martial Arts Alliance, four members! Their representative, "Destruction Cannon" Ideo! The Tontattan Tonta Corps, 200 in number! Their leader is the warrior, Leo! Only five members at the moment, the soon-to-be Giant Pirates! Their captain: Hajrudin! And as for me... Commodore of the Great Yonta Maria Fleet, 4,300 strong! Pioneer and adventurer, Orlumbus!
Luffy: H-Hey...
Bartolomeo: That makes a large battalion of about 5,600 people in total! Luffy-senpai! Will you exchange cups of sake with us seven representatives, as father and sons?
Luffy: "Father and sons"?
Bartolomeo: That's right! You be the boss, and we'll be your followers! Will you take us under the flag of the Straw Hat Pirates?
Narrator: Luffy and the tough Colosseum warriors emerged victorious in the deadly battle against Doflamingo. When the seven formidable and extraordinary troublemakers join each other in spirit... and raise their glasses to their boss, Luffy, an unbreakable bond is formed, one that will go down in history!
