Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the  Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce, unprecedented battle, Luffy and the others defeated  the Royal Warlord, Donquixote Doflamingo, and were about to finally leave Dress Rosa, the island that held enormous significance to their journey.
Fujitora: Citizens, halt your advance! Past this point are only criminals!
Citizen: Prepare yourself, Lucy! Don't let him get away! We won't forgive you, you dirty pirates! Lucy! We'll catch you no matter what! Get ships under way! Let's chase him out to sea! If we follow Lucy,  Fujitora won't be able to drop the rubble from the sky!
Bartolomeo: That makes a large battalion of about 5,600 people in total! Luffy-senpai! Will you exchange cups of sake with us seven representatives, as father and sons? "Father and sons"? That's right! You be the boss, and we'll be your followers! Will you take us under the flag of the Straw Hat Pirates?
Luffy: Sons' Cups Formation of the Straw Hat Fleet!
Pirate: Damn you, Straw Hat! All our deals with Doflamingo  have gone completely to waste! Don't let him escape Dress Rosa! If King Riku's returned to the throne,  we want him to pay the price, too! After we wipe out Straw Hat Luffy and every last one of his allies... We'll rampage across Dress Rosa! Right, then!  From this day forward, we're an alliance built on our mutual hatred of Straw Hat! Off with his head!  We'll make sure of it!
Orlumbus: Now, it's time for the toast of father and sons!
Bartolomeo: Oh, yeah!
Sai: Right.
Leo: Thank you.
Bartolomeo: Well, all set here. And now... Let's exchange vows as father and sons to inaugurate Luffy-senpai as our boss, and us seven as his followers... Please, go on and take the cup, Luffy-senpai.
Luffy: I ain't gonna drink this!
The Seven: Huh?!
Zoro: Thought he wouldn't.
Luffy: I don't like this stuff that much.
Bartolomeo: No, it's not about the taste! After all that's happened on the island, yer gonna be hunted down by all kinds of big names! And when that happens, it won't matter how strong y'all are. It's gonna be a rough fight! But since you saved us all, we can...
Leo: Hear, hear!
Luffy: But if I drink this, I'll become Grand Captain of this huge fleet, right?
Bartolomeo: Yup. With 5,600 followers in total,  you'll finally be counted among the greatest pirates! You are the man who will become the Pirate King someday! Even a fleet of this size is on the small side  if you wanna take on the world!
Zoro: I'd give up if I were you! That line of thinking won't work on him. Anyway, pour this into a mug. I'll drink it.
Bartolomeo: Like I said, we ain't doin' this to enjoy the taste!
Orlumbus: But why, Straw Hat? Is all this military might still not enough to satisfy you? It doesn't matter how strong your enemy is,  they can't compete against strength in numbers! I'm sure you'll need our help someday,  just like we needed you!
Luffy: I need my space!
The Seven: Huh?!  He looks super pissed!
Luffy: Anyway, is that a feast they're making back there?
Ideo: His interest shifted to the food.
Cavendish: Screw you, Straw Hat! I'm a star and more experienced than you,  but here I am, vowing to sail under your flag!
Ideo: Let's force him to drink it!
Sai: You don't know how strong we are, you damn liberator!
Usopp: If you're his followers, then watch your mouths!
Ideo: So what?
Sai: Cut this damned crap!
Usopp: Sorry.
Luffy: And I'm tellin' you guys, I just wanna be Pirate King! That doesn't mean I wanna be important!
Law: Hey, what's he going on about?
Zoro: This is pretty good stuff!
Usopp: Use a cup, you bad-mannered oaf!
Franky: Ooh, I want a little!  Lemme try some!
Usopp: Hey!
Robin: I'd like to have a little, too.
Usopp: Well then, I'll have some, too!
Franky: You're right, it's good!
Zoro: Ain't it?
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai, what'd ya mean by that?
Luffy: Guys! When we think we're in danger, we'll shout out to ya. Then come help us! I ain't gotta be the boss or some great pirate for that to happen, do I? If you guys are in trouble, call us! We'll definitely come find you! I ain't forgetting that we fought together against Mingo!
Bartolomeo: I think I'm startin' to understand what he's saying, and what it means to him to be the Pirate King! It ain't about being important... but about bein' free!
Orlumbus: What's going on?!
Deckhand: We've got incoming!
Orlumbus: Is it the Navy?!
Leo: That can't be them!   I stitched their warships together tight!
Pirate: Fire, fire!
Orlumbus: Give Columbus the helm! We still have business here! Whoever it is, get rid of them!
Yonta Officer: Yes, sir!
Pirate: We know that the nine-figure bounty rookie,  Monkey D. Luffy, is on your ship! Hand him over, nice and easy!
Deckhand: People of Dress Rosa!  Head back to shore! It's dangerous here!
Citizen: But if we're not here, Fujitora will attack!
Yonta Officer: Return fire!
Pirate: Fire!  Sink 'em all!
Deckhand: The rubble's only falling on the enemy ships! What's going on?!
Fujitora: This is my farewell gift to you, Straw Hat.
Bartolomeo: Freedom... Freedom... That's what Luffy-senpai wants... That makes me admire you even more, Luffy-senpai!
Hajrudin: Same here! Hey, Bartolomeo! Make the oath! He doesn't have to drink out of the parent's cup.
Cavendish: He's got a point.
Ideo: You can do whatever you want, and so can we.
Sai: You can't take away our freedom, either!
Leo: Oh?  Really?
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai! Allow me ta make a selfish oath!
Luffy: An oath?
Bartolomeo: Here goes, Luffy-senpai. We vow to be loyal followers of Straw Hat Luffy-senpai, to be his shield and pike, whatever may come! As repayment for all he has done for us, the seven of us... now drink from these Sons' Cups and pledge our lives and souls to him, whether he wants us to or not!
Luffy: "Sons' Cups"?! What are you guys doing?!
Deckhand: This makes it official! Make ready for the feast, on the double!
Everyone ever: All ready!
Deckhand: Here's to the formation of the 5,600-plus member Straw Hat Grand Fleet!
Everyone ever: Aye!
Robin: They just do whatever they like.
Franky: "Sons' Cups"?  What's that even supposed to mean?
Everyone ever: Big Boss Straw Hat!  It'll be our pleasure!
Luffy: What?! Hey!  I didn't drink from this, got it?! Even though it's empty for some reason!
Zoro: Man, that was good!
Sai: Eh, that's okay. Nothing's changed for you. We just went ahead and swore our loyalty to you on our own. So when something happens to you,  we'll be there risking our lives of our own will. You'll lose nothing by having us, right? So could you at least try to remember our names and faces...
Baby 5: Honey! Look.
Usopp: Luffy, the main dish is Fighting Fish Steak!
Luffy: Man, this looks tasty!
Usopp: Hey, that's unsanitary!  Don't climb the food!
Ideo: Hey, stop crying already.
Bartolomeo: No, I can't bear t' git up... I'm so moved...
Cavendish: Leo, we're going to leave port and start the feast. What are you guys gonna do?
Leo: We're gonna party too, of course! After it's over, we'll get home by Yellow Kabu. Don't worry about us!
Luffy: Are we sailing out?
Orlumbus: Aye! You heard the boss' orders! Hoist the sails!
Luffy: I'm not your boss and I didn't give orders!
Marine: Vice Admiral Bastille!  Reporting in!
Bastille: The rubble's finally raining down, huh? Have Straw Hat and his ilk been wiped out?
Marine: No, it's all missing the target!
Bastille: What do you mean?!
Narrator: Rubble followed by sunny skies. This extremely unusual weather was observed off the coast of Dress Rosa this day.
Fujitora: I truly had no right to chase you lot. I shouldn't say this out loud, but... Thank you very much for cleaning up the government's mess!
Sengoku: I heard that!
Luffy: Right then, you louts! In the battle against the Mingo Family, we... won!
Everyone ever: Aye!
Usopp: We did it!
Franky: Good job, guys!
Gnomes: Fraland!
Wicca: Zoroland, thank you!
Zoro: No problem!
Luffy: Hen-comb!
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai!
Baby 5: Honey!
Chinjao: Let's make a toast!
Baby 5: Okay!
Orlumbus & Ideo: Cheers!
Luffy: We're here!  Dress Rosa!
Straw Hats: Smells great!
Luffy: I want that Mera Mera Fruit! I don't understand any of that, but... I like this statue!  It's so manly! You're the last person I'd let have Ace's power! Who cares if she's his granddaughter?   She's got nothing to do with what her grandfather did. Franky. Do whatever you want! We'll be right there! Don't cry yet. I won't let the soldier die.  Make sure you stay safe. But in exchange, I'll beat the crap out of Doflamingo! Stay alive!  You got it?! To kick your ass! There's no reason for me to accept this fight! Doflamingo! Traf! Gear... Fourth! I promise! Sabo! You ate Ace's Fruit, didn't you? I feel like I'm suffocating! King Kong... Gun!
Kyros: Looks like they managed to set sail.
Rebecca: Good for you, Lucy. Do you think we'll see them again?
Kyros: Yeah.
Rebecca: Does it feel warm?
Kyros: Yes! It feels very warm!
Rebecca: What's this?  You're crying again!
Kyros: I-I'm not crying!  Don't be ridiculous!
Sai: Wait!
Zoro: Hey, c'mere!
Law: Cut that out!
Ideo: Still drinking, huh?
Zoro: Oh, thanks!
Law: Dammit!
Franky: Press and hold for more than three seconds.
These guys: Cheers!
Wicca: Say, Robiland, we can see you again, can't we?
Robin: Of course!  And that goes for all of you.
Wicca: Hooray!
Tonta Chief: Good for you!
Robin: Oh, when did you get in there?
Narrator: After the brutal battle in Dress Rosa, the Sons' Cups were exchanged in secrecy, in a most unconventional way. Whether it was by twist of fate or pure chance, these seven extraordinary men joined forces... and insisted on becoming Straw Hat Luffy's followers. They go on to strengthen themselves individually, and eventually serve as catalysts for a major incident that will go down in history. However, that is a story yet to come. Dress Rosa has regained its peace. Meanwhile, while being conveyed to the great prison, Impel Down, Doflamingo makes a chilling statement. Who will be the next ruler of the seas? And so the curtain rises on a new, tempestuous era!
