Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the  Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After a fierce, unprecedented battle, Luffy and the others defeated  the Royal Warlord, Donquixote Doflamingo, and departed from the island that left  a lasting impact on them, Dress Rosa.
Bartolomeo: Here goes, Luffy-senpai. We vow to be loyal followers of Straw Hat Luffy-senpai, to be his shield and pike, whatever may come! As repayment for all he has done for us, the seven of us... now drink from these Sons' Cups and pledge our lives and souls to him, whether he wants us to or not!
Deckhand: This makes it official! Make ready for the feast, on the double!
Everyone ever: All ready!
Luffy: Right then, you louts! In the battle against the Mingo Family, we... won!
Everyone ever: Aye!
Luffy: Rivals Stand Fast The Raging Monsters of the New World Let's eat 'til we burst!
Everyone ever: Aye!
Bartolomeo: H-Here you go!
Zoro: Thanks.
Franky: Super!
Robin: We've lost sight of Dress Rosa. You've achieved your goal of  taking down Doflamingo, haven't you? What's next for you?
Law: No need for concern.
Kaku: I can't find any of the manifests they used for trafficking, but it was all clearly stolen by somebody.
Lucci: I thought so. All the weapons and explosives that were left behind were stolen after the incident. There was quite a bit, too. The handiwork of some organization, surely. The Navy was panicking about it as well.
Kaku: The Revolutionary Army, perhaps?
Lucci: Yeah, who else would it be? Return at once. They're thorns in my side, I swear.
Spandam: You're absolutely right, boss!
Lucci: Just like you, as a matter of fact.
Spandam: Wow!  That's harsh!
Lucci: So where are you heading to next, Straw Hat?
Narrator: This was a land of tragedy. Dark strings were woven, one after another. Despite the countless tragedies that befell them, they manage to hold back their tears for now,  and music plays on...
Gatz: Oh, yeah!
Narrator: Music that rings out to the rhythm of clapping hands.
Gatz: Oi! Olé!
Narrator: The curtain is drawn after the long, sad,   nameless performance without fanfare. Then, words of truth reach the ears of the audience. Their king has returned,  and with peace in their future, all is well.
Riku: I have a proposition for you all.
Gancho: Um, thank you for the introduction. I am the Tontattan Chief, Gancho! Standing next to me is my daughter.
Mansherry: I am Mansherry!
Citizen: So cute!
Craftsman: You want us to make this, Leo-kun?
Leo: That's right! We're counting on you!
Riku: The world conference, the Reverie, is this year. It will be here before we know it.
Tank: And it seems like every country has already begun their preparations.
Viola: Father! Rebecca said she's coming over to cook for us this afternoon.
Riku: Oh, is that so?  What about Kyros?
Viola: He's coming too, of course.
Riku: I see, I see.  It's been so long since we've dined... as a family.
Narrator: Visitors to this kingdom will be shocked by a certain sight.
Rebecca: Ham, please!
Vendor: Oh, hello there, Rebecca, Mansherry!
Narrator: They are blending in with the town, living side-by-side with humans.
Sculptor: Hey, hey. We haven't even rebuilt our own homes yet!
Leo: No, no!  This is priority number one!
Narrator: Visitors will be amazed at the sight of these adorable gnomes. This is the kingdom of love, passion, and fairies...
Sculptor: You're right.  The statues come first!
Leo: Darn right!
Narrator: ...Dress Rosa.
Fujitora: When we're finished transporting our prisoner,  I'll be going on a journey.
Sengoku: A journey, you say?
Fujitora: Without the heads of Straw Hat and Law, I cannot set foot in a Navy base, so...
Sengoku: So stubborn... If you'd just apologize, Sakazuki can save face.
Fujitora: No!
Sengoku: And why not?
Fujitora: I have my own honor to save as well.
Sengoku: For crying out loud...
Doflamingo: Fujitora... He's an idiot, you know, Tsuru-san. This was his last chance. If he'd sided with me and  helped rid me of that bunch of brats, things wouldn't have ended up this way. I was holding the reins. The reins attached to the monsters of the world. You shouldn't have removed me. I'm extremely certain you'll all come to regret this.
Tsuru: Don't pawn off that pathetic crap on me. There is no "if". It's insanity to even consider it. This was the only possible outcome. You lost.
Doflamingo: Oh, how can I ever win against you?
Tsuru: It takes one to know one. What do you think lies ahead  in the world of pirates?
Doflamingo: I'll answer your question with another question. What do you think those monsters you unleashed will do... without the "food" I supplied them? Is there anyone sailing these seas at this moment that's truly at the top rung of the ladder? Who rules these seas? Is it one of the Four Emperors of the Seas? Or the Seven Warlords who cunningly roam these waters? Perhaps those brats from the Worst Generation? Or, no... Surely it's the Navy, that military force of justice, that's conquering the seas! And then there are some strong individuals we must keep a close eye on... in the Revolutionary Army,  the allies of the people. The family of "D" has been hiding within the shadows of history. When and where will they appear? Who sides with who? Who betrays who? Tell the Celestial Dragons in the Holy Land of Mariejoa this: "You will all be brought low, to the very ground!" It's been 25 years since Gold Roger explored the Grand Line in its entirety. His arch-nemesis, Whitebeard, never took the throne. He merely stood before it and took the reins. So what happens now? The number of pirates is swelling, and there's just one seat that remains empty! You understand what I'm getting at, right? It's beginning. The greatest struggle for supremacy ever... in pirate history!
Marine: The mast has caught fire! Put it out!
Doflamingo: Are we headed to Impel Down? I hate to ask, but would you mind delivering the daily newspaper to me? That way, I won't be bored.
Gifter: There are four battleships. But their crew looks insanely formidable. Are they looking to destroy a country? So much force for a simple escort mission. That must speak to how great Doflamingo-sama is! It'll be impossible to take back Joker. Captain Jack, shall we return?
Jack: Why?
Gifter: Huh?
Jack: You moron!  We're going through with it!
Gifter: Huh?!
Jack: Who do you think I am?!
Gifter: Huh?!
Bartolomeo: Right this way, right this way!  Feel free to look around! This is the Barto Club's pirate ship that's filled with love for the Straw Hats! She's called... the Going Luffy-Senpai!
Usopp: Does this look right to you guys?! Why does it look like Luffy'd be on this ship rather than ours!
Bartolomeo: Just hearing that makes my day!
Usopp: That wasn't a compliment!
Luffy: Ooh, over there!
Bartolomeo: I am so glad you noticed! She was the Straw Hats' first pirate ship, and a dear friend of theirs - the Going Merry! I duplicated her prow as homage!
Zoro: It's giving us the evil eye, though.
Bartolomeo: I want you to take a good look at this curve! I asked a woodcrafter to copy Luffy-senpai's  Gomu Gomu hands, just like the real deal!
Robin: Could that be...
Bartolomeo: Yes, Robin-senpai, you have a good eye! As you have thought,  it's a tribute to Chopper-senpai's horns!
Usopp: Then those orange trees must be...
Bartolomeo: Yes! These pay homage to the orange trees that  Nami-senpai took from Bellemere-san's grove in Cocoyashi!
Zoro: Oranges are just oranges!
Franky: I'm totally utterly moved! Look how insanely accurate every detail is! Everywhere you look, you feel this sense of fun! It's absolutely overflowing with super love!
Barto Club: Thank you very much, Franky-senpai!
Usopp: The maniac's moved the freak's heart...
Bartolomeo: And now, the thing we're most thrilled about at this very moment...
Barto Club: In the direction this Vivre Card is pointing, it's the real Luffy-senpai!
Bartolomeo: Welcome aboard! Thank you once again for boarding our ship!
Barto Clubmember: Boss, he's glowing so brightly!  I can barely see him!
Bartolomeo: Me too!
Usopp: So the whole crew's the same way?
Luffy: Anyway, it was awful nice of Sabo to make a Vivre Card of me.
Sabo: Here, I had a Vivre Card made from Luffy, just in case.
Zoro: Oh?  When'd you have time for that?
Sabo: I'll be taking a piece.
Bartolomeo: Oh, that's the great Sabo-senpai for ya! He's so thoughtful and strong!  Whatta guy!
Bellamy: I ain't gonna be no follower of yours, but... I'll take a scrap, just in case.
Luffy: Bellamy!
Hajrudin: We'll help ourselves to some, too.
Orlumbus: Well, here's where we part ways.
Hajrudin: See ya soon, our boss,
Sai: Straw Hat Luffy!
Luffy: Later, guys! Man, I had so much fun partyin'! I think they grew on me a bit!
Law: Bartolomeo, hurry up and take us to Zou.
Bartolomeo: Who d'ya think yer talkin' to...
Zoro: We're counting on you.
Bartolomeo: Aye, aye!  Leave it to us! Right, you lot!  Set course fer Zou, full speed ahead!
Barto Club: Aye, aye!
Usopp: I wonder if Sanji and the others ever made it to the island safely?
Franky: Nami was with them,  so I'm sure they were fine navigation-wise, but Big Mom's ship was hot on their tail...
Robin: It's worrying, indeed.
Zoro: Hey, Luffy. Our bounties've gone up!
Luffy: Huh, really?!
Bartolomeo: Oh, you didn't know? Well, I've got wanted posters of  the whole crew in my room, so after you, please!
Barto Club: Please!
Luffy: Alright, I'll go!
Bartolomeo: Hey, Trafalgar. I threw yours out already,  but your bounty shot up to five hundred mil.
Law: Oh, thanks.  I couldn't care less.
Bartolomeo: Feast your eyes on them, if you would please!
Usopp: You f-framed them?!
Bartolomeo: The autographs you gave me earlier are there, too! Well then, let's start with Straw Hat Luffy-senpai! His bounty: 500 million beli!
Luffy: 500 million!  Yeah!
Bartolomeo: Next, Pirate Hunter Zoro-senpai! 320 million beli!
Zoro: Hey, got any swill?
Bartolomeo: Demon Child Nico Robin-senpai! 130 million beli!
Robin: Oh, no.  It's gone up.
Bartolomeo: The Cyborg, Franky-senpai! 94 million beli!
Franky: Short by that much! On top of that, the picture's of the General Franky...
Bartolomeo: God Usopp-senpai!  200 million beli!
Usopp: I'm unmasked and the price is outrageous! I'm a marked man! But that makes me so happy! Still, that picture is awful!
Franky: Hey, screw you! How did you get your bounty that high?!
Usopp: Even my own crewmate's trying to kill me!
Franky: I'm the only one at less than a hundred mil! It's so unfair!
Usopp: Wait, wait a sec!  Look closer! There're still Nami and the others!
Bartolomeo: Black Leg Sanji-senpai, 177 million beli!
Luffy: Oh, his poster isn't a sketch anymore!
Zoro: Tsk!  That's boring. The last one was funnier.
Bartolomeo: Cat Burglar Nami-senpai, 66 million beli!
Zoro: When the hell'd she have her picture taken again?!
Bartolomeo: Cotton Candy Lover Chopper-senpai! A hundred beli!
Franky: There are no words that would cheer him up.
Bartolomeo: The Soul King, Brook-senpai, 83 million beli!
Franky: That's like a poster for his concert!
Bartolomeo: 'Cept for the people who stood out and showed just how dangerous they could be in the recent incident, everybody went up by 50 million! Ours have gone up by 50 million, too. But... Lookit that fer a sec. The bounty on Black Leg Sanji-senpai's head went up by a weird amount, and what's written here is even weirder.
Franky: "Only alive"?
Usopp: Well, it's Sanji. I bet someone's holding a grudge against him  over a woman and wants to do the honors themselves.
Franky: You ain't wrong.
Narrator: As Luffy and the crew make their way to the next island, Zou, they suddenly come across a shimmering, solitary island: Silver Mine. After being attacked by an unknown pirate crew,  Luffy and Bartolomeo set foot on the eerie island. The curtain rises on their first-ever great adventure together, starring just the two!
