Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the  Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Franky & Usopp: Looks delicious!
Bartolomeo: Okay, everybody! Y'all can have as many second helpings as ya want! Show us yer legendary appetite!
Luffy: 'Ey, fanks!  Ish really, really guh!
Gambia: The Straw Hats just said our food was really good!
Barto Club: We're so happy to be alive!
Robin: Oh, my...  I don't like those clouds.
Usopp: Hail!
Robin: Quite large at that.  Watch out!
Barto Club Member: It punched a hole in the deck!
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai!  Everybody! Get below decks, now!
Luffy: What're you talkin' about?!  We're gonna help ya!
Franky: Which way should we turn? Who's your navigator?!  Give me some orders!
Bartolomeo: Oh, we ain't got no navigator,  'cause we was a land-based gang 'fore all this.
Usopp: Huh?!  This is the New World, you know!
Gambia: Hello, Granny?  It's me, Gambia! Uh, well, this huge hailstorm  just popped up outta nowhere...
Bartolomeo: Whenever we's in trouble, we just ring up ol' Granny back home.
Usopp: I see, so she's pretty knowledgeable about these seas!
Gambia: Hey, I know what ta do! Ya know all that chewin' gum stuck to the deck?
Barto Club: Yeah, that stuff's been a real pain!
Gambia: Wrap one o' them hailstones in cloth  and cool the gum with it!
Barto Club Member: Alright! It came off just like that!
Usopp: We don't need that kind of wisdom right now!
Barto Club Member: But...
Usopp: See, you got hit!
Gambia: "Apply sugar to his lump", she says!
Usopp: Forget about her pearls of wisdom!
Luffy: Oh, man!  The ship's goin' under! Nami, save us!
Usopp: An entire fleet of ships to choose from, and we picked the wrong one to board!
Zoro: Guess we gotta do this ourselves, huh?
Franky: If only we had the Sunny's equipment!
Robin: My, how lively!
Zoro: Wait, why aren't you using your barrier?!
Bartolomeo: Er, uh, well, Granny always says, "Defy nature and you'll be punished by the heavens!"
Zoro: If you're so damn scared, go home to dry land!
Law: Are these morons for real?!
Luffy: Ain't got no choice then! I'm gonna smash them all!
Bartolomeo: Right, guys!   We gots the Straw Hats on our side, and they fear no god! With them, we're invincible!
Barto Club: Our appreciation rains down like hail and sleet!
Usopp: How exactly have you guys managed to stay alive and make it this far?
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Gatling!
Bartolomeo: It might just be for the short trip to Zou... but just bein' able t' sail with the amazin' Luffy-senpai... It oughta be illegal t' be this happy!
Barto Club: We're so happy!
Zoro: Give us a hand, ya morons!
Luffy: The Silver Fortress Luffy and Barto's Great Adventure
Bartolomeo: Ya gotta pee? I gotta too. Oh, man...  I get ta take a whizz  with mah hero, Luffy-senpai!  So happy!
Luffy: Man, I'm starvin' again.
Bartolomeo: Wha?! Oh, do you want me to fix you a midnight snack?
Luffy: Meat!
Bartolomeo: Hey, you're going to fall!
Kin'emon: Is it hailing again?
Kanjuurou: I would not know.
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai, we can't swim ya know...
Silver Sister: We did it, Sis!
Desire: Yeah, but we picked up some bycatch, too.
Peseta: Incredible. You actually lured out Straw Hat with meat! It's just like ya said, Desire! Incredible!  Incredible! Incredible!
Zoro: The heck's all that?
Usopp: Luffy!
Gambia: Captain!
Desire: There they are! The Pirate Hunter and the God... The iron man and the Demon Child. Right, everyone!  Let's set this operation... ...in motion!
Silver Miners: You got it!
Desire: I'm the former leader of the  Sweet Pirates of East Blue, Desire! Nice-ta-meet-'cha!
Usopp: "Nice ta meet'cha", my ass!  Give us back Luffy! Sure-Kill Green Star: Sea Devil!
Desire: Plant incoming! Formation: Madeleine!
Silver Miners: You got it!
Franky: Leave it to me!
Desire: Now it's a machine gun!
Franky: Weapons Left!
Desire: Oh, no!
Silver Sister: Sis!
Desire: You okay?
Silver Sister: Thank you very much.
Franky: Damn!  Missed 'em.
Zoro: What the?!
Peseta: Fire, fire!
Usopp: I can't move!
Franky: Is this birdlime?
Barto Club: Sticky!
Peseta: Do it. They're incredibly pathetic! Do it, do it!
Desire: Stop!  That's enough. I'm the leader of this assault! Let's head back to Silver Mine.
Narrator: This is Silver Mine, a lone island in the vicinity of Dress Rosa. A giant silver fortress dominates the center of the island, and its sheen makes even the surrounding waters shine.
Silver Brother: How'd it go? Another fine haul!
Bartolomeo: If it's fer Luffy-senpai, I'll do it! Why'm I doin' this, though? Ow!
Peseta: Keep working!  You dug up any ore yet?
Bartolomeo: Is Luffy-senpai alright?!
Peseta: Ouch!  He is, for now. But there ain't any guarantee  he will be ten minutes from now!
Bartolomeo: For now? If ya do anythin' to him, I won't ever forgive ya! Ow!
Peseta: Stick to diggin'!
Bartolomeo: Wait!
Peseta: I'll be back-ow... to check-ow... on you-ow!
Bartolomeo: If only I could make a barrier... An' about that tramp... What the heck's goin' on? Luffy-senpai!
Luffy: Lemme out, lemme out, lemme out! Lemme out, lemme out! Ain't no use...  I'm starvin' and outta strength...
Desire: Just look at ya! Might as well accept yer fate. Bill will be puttin' ya outta your misery soon.
Luffy: Bill?
Desire: He's our leader.
Luffy: Where's my crew?!
Desire: Who knows?  Expectin' help from 'em is pointless. We destroyed that tasteless ship with our battle boats. Guzuguzu: Simmer We make full use of the weapons  Bill forges with his Guzu Guzu power, making us the greatest armed force around. Straw Hat Luffy... You've lost!  And we sank your friends to the bottom of the ocean!
Luffy: Zoro an' the rest wouldn't go down that easy!
Desire: It's the truth.
Luffy: That's a lie!
Desire: Believe me!
Luffy: Not gonna!
Desire: You're a broken record.
Luffy: Nope!
Desire: I toldja it's the truth!
Luffy: I'm never gonna believe it!
Desire: What'd you say?!
Silver Sister: Relax, Sis...
Luffy: So hungry...
Silver Miners: Huh?
Luffy: I really wanted to eat that meat... Say, ya think I could have it?
Silver Miners: Like we'd let you!
Luffy: Meat!  Meat!  Meat!
Silver Miners: Shaddap!
Luffy: Mea-
Desire: Just eat this and forget about it!
Silver Sister: Sis!
Desire: It's fine.  A bit of chocolate won't fill 'im up. He can't break the ball that Bill made, anyway.
Luffy: Pretty good! Awful nice of ya!
Desire: D-Don't get me wrong! I'm not pityin' ya or anythin'! I wish he'd get rid of ya already! What is it? Got it. It's time!
Silver Miners: Bill!  Bill!  Bill!  Bill!
Bill: Thank you for your patience... my fellow shipmates of the Silver Pirate Alliance, who aim to stand at the peak of the Pirate Era alongside me!
Silver Miners: Bill!  Bill!  Bill!  Bill!
Bill: Without further ado, let's hear how you all did today.
Silver Brother: I'll go first! Hey, stand up!
Bill: That's Bobrad, bounty of 68 million. Not bad!
Silver Brother: I'm next!
Bill: Tambu, bounty of 70 million.
Silver Brother: I also stole the treasure he had stashed!
Bill: Oh, well done!
Silver Brother: Bill, look how good I did, too! Me too!
Peseta: There you are, Desire.
Desire: Peseta, where's Bartolomeo?
Peseta: We're keepin' him entertained.
Bill: And who might this be?
Desire: Bill, he's the guy you've been wantin' to catch... The man worth five hundred million, Straw Hat Luffy!
Silver Brother: Is that the real Straw Hat Luffy? I can't believe it.
Luffy: Bill?
Bill: Desire!  Great job! Allow me to thank you all!
Silver Brother: Don't mention it, Bill! If we hadn't met you, we would've all dropped dead by now,  somewhere in the Grand Line! Hear, hear! We're all thankful that you let us join your crew! Thank you!
Bill: It's been a year since our  Silver Pirate Alliance entered the New World! We've taken down more than a hundred rival pirate crews! Do you know why we've made it this far?
Silver Brother: Tell us, Bill!
Silver Miners: Bill!
Bill: On your own, none of you would amount to anything. But when you work as a team, you become stronger than anyone else! Strong enough to capture someone with a high bounty like his! Tell me!  What's your dream?
Silver Brother: I wanna be stronger!
Bill: Is that all?!
Silver Brother: I wanna live a fun life, doing whatever I want!
Bill: Is that it?!
Silver Brother: I wanna be an unbeatable pirate!
Bill: You can be just that! If we join each other in spirit, we can even beat the Four Emperors! It doesn't matter if it's Kaidou,  Big Mom, Red Hair, or Blackbeard! If we kick the butts of all our rivals  in the New World and become the best, your dreams will come true! So keep aiming for the very top  of this Pirate Era together with me!
Silver Brother: Of course we will, Bill! We'll follow you for the rest of our lives!
Silver Miners: That's right, Bill!  Show us your dream! Take us to the top!
Bill: Look over there! That's how our rivals end up after we defeat them. Straw Hat, you'll be soon joining them. This is where your voyage ends. I'm a blast furnace man with the power of the Guzu Guzu Fruit. My body is a white-hot blast furnace. I can smelt ore and produce all kinds of things. I'll turn you into a sublime silver statue,  befitting of a man worth five hundred million!
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai!
Luffy: Hen-comb!
Bartolomeo: I'm not gonna let ya lay a finger on Luffy-senpai!
Bill: Who's that?
Peseta: You gotta be kiddin'!  Did he climb the whole way up here?!
Bill: Catch him!
Bartolomeo: So it is you, Desire! What're ya doin' here?!
Desire: Ain't none of yer business! Give us back Straw Hat!
Bill: You're not going anywhere!
Bartolomeo: He cut through it!  Wait, no, it's meltin'!
Peseta: This is over.
Bartolomeo: If only I could use mah barrier... Is this it for us?
Luffy: Don't give up! Let's do this!
Bartolomeo: Oh, way ta go, Luffy-senpai! You're so strong, even lookin' like that!
Luffy: Outta chocolate energy...
Desire: What's wrong with 'em?
Bill: After them!
Silver Miners: Y-Yes, sir!
Desire: Listen up, you lot! It ain't that easy to get outta this giant fortress! Teams, fan out!  Do whatever it takes ta find Straw Hat and the other guy! I'm takin' command!  Countin' on ya!
Bartolomeo: Guess we managed ta shake 'em, somehow.
Luffy: Looks like it.  You saved my butt!
Bartolomeo: Huh? I ain't deservin' of such praise! I, the unworthy Bartolomeo,  would go through fire and brimstone for ya!
Luffy: Man, movin' with this thing on me is makin' me hungry. I managed to move for a little bit 'cause of  the chocolate that Hen-comb Lady gave me.
Bartolomeo: Chocolate?  Oh, you're talking about Desire! That sweet tooth's a childhood friend of mine. We's from the same island, an' used to hang out together doin' stupid stuff. We set out to sea separately, but... Man, what's she doin' all this for? Now ain't the time ta be thinkin' about that! We gotta get outta here as fast as we can! Desire!
Desire: Found you! We's the fastest boat racers in all o' East Blue! D'ya think ya can get away from us?! Bartolomeo! For old time's sake, hand over Straw Hat to us. I'll ask Bill to spare your life!
Bartolomeo: Dun say dumb stuff like that!  Luffy-senpai's... the most important person ta me in the world!
Desire: Yer still goin' on 'bout that?! Then why don'cha join him in hell!
Silver Sister: Sis... Sis!  You're shooting too much!
Bartolomeo: Desire, what're ya doin'?!  Yer gonna hit us!
Desire: What?!
Silver Miners: Sis!
Nose Picker: It's quite noisy out there, wouldn't you say?
Bill: Just a little accident.  We'll settle it soon. Peseta!
Peseta: It's this month's installment!  Isn't it incredible?!
Nose Picker: We are most grateful for your sizable monthly contributions of silver to us. And of course, he appreciates it, too.
Bill: Give that monster of the New World... my regards, would you?
Peseta: And take extra good care of the bounties we captured, like ya usually do. Hm?  Right, got it.
Bill: Something wrong?
Peseta: They said Straw Hat and Desire fell into the abyss.
Bill: Call Avelon.
Avelon: Roger that.  I'll take care of them as requested.
Desire: Note: Departures
Avelon: Off we go!
Narrator: Avelon, Bill's formidable assassin, appears before Luffy's party... as they wander around the maze-like underground mine-shafts. Special Express Avelon's deadly Silver Drill and Luffy's fists of fury clash... as Avelon attacks from all sides with explosives!
