Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the  Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy and his friends departed Dress Rosa, and were en route to their next destination, Zou,  to meet up with the other half of their crew. Out of the blue, they were attacked by battle boats, and Luffy was taken to the mysterious island Silver Mine, along with Bartolomeo. There, their lives were endangered by Bill,  leader of the Silver Pirate Alliance.
Desire: What?!
Silver Miners: Sis!
Luffy: The Underground Maze Luffy VS The Mine Cart Man
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai! Don't tell me he fell all the way down there! I can't believe this is happening! No senpai, no life! He left his precious straw hat behind...
Luffy: Hey!  Hey!
Bartolomeo: Could it be?!
Luffy: Get me outta here! Didn't see that coming!
Bartolomeo: I'm glad! Oh, yer alive, Desire.
Desire: He don't care one bit. My battle boat!
Luffy: Thank you!
Desire: Hey! I need him...  Lemme have Straw Hat!
Bartolomeo: What're you goin' on about?! I ain't gonna letcha! Yer gonna be sorry fer all the trouble ya caused me and the Straw Hats!
Luffy: That was a pretty long fall. How're we gettin' out of here? Say, what's up with those rails?
Desire: Somebody, come in! It won't connect!
Bartolomeo: How d'we go back up?
Desire: Like I know where th' heck we are!
Bartolomeo: Huh?!  This is your base, ain't it?
Avelon: The mine cart will be arriving shortly. Please wait where you are. Of the Silver Pirate Alliance! I'm a mine cart human that ate the Koro Koro Fruit! Avelon Express is on its way!
Bartolomeo: What the...  Is 'e one of yours?
Desire: I ain't ever heard of him!
Avelon: All passengers that learn about  these underground mine shafts... must be disposed of!
Luffy: That's so cool!
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai, watch out! Luffy-senpai!  Are you alright?!
Luffy: What's that jerk's problem?!
Desire: Why'd he aim for me too?
Avelon: Turning the cart around!
Bartolomeo: Crap, here he comes again!
Luffy: Hen-comb, let's get outta here!
Bartolomeo: Roger! Desire, gimme a hand!
Desire: Huh?!
Avelon: Speeding up, speeding up! Running near the tracks is dangerous. Please do not rush.  Kindly maintain a walking pace!
Bartrio: You gotta be kiddin' me!
Avelon: Next stop: Bombardment.  Bombardment!
Luffy: Can't you throw up a barrier or somethin'?!
Bartolomeo: I can't cross mah fingers 'cause of this sticky crap!
Avelon: Please be careful! Ball walking on the rails is strictly prohibited.
Bartolomeo: Ah can't see what's ahead!
Barto & Desire: Crap!
Bartolomeo: He jus' won't give up!
Desire: There's a fork ahead!
Bartolomeo: What?! Which way?!
Desire: Ain't got time to think!  Make a right!
Bartolomeo: Ya sure?
Luffy: Hen-comb!  Go right!
Bartolomeo: Oh, roger!
Desire: Why you son of a...
Bartolomeo: Here we go!
Avelon: The next stop is hell! This train is inbound to hell!
Desire: Stop, Straw Hat!
Luffy: Stop me, you guys!
Barto & Desire: Ain't happenin'!
Bartolomeo: Granny!  What do we do when somethin' like this happens?!
Desire: Nooo!
Bill: Avelon, what's the status of Straw Hat's group?
Avelon: They've fallen to the lowest level.
Bill: Make sure they're done for.
Avelon: Roger that.
Silver Sister: Bill-sama! Bill-sama! Sis fell... ...along with Straw Hat and the other guy!
Bill: Don't worry. I sent the other units to search for Desire.
Silver Sister: What a relief! Please save Sis.
Bill: You can count on me!  Desire is a crucial part of... my crew, after all.
Luffy: You guys okay?
Bartolomeo: Barely...
Desire: I thought I was a goner...
Bartolomeo: You weigh a ton. Ya said, "Make a right!", so I...
Desire: But ya listened to Straw Hat, not me!
Avelon: Caution, downgrade ahead!  Caution, downgrade ahead! Please hold on to the strap!
Bartolomeo: He'll be 'ere in no time!
Luffy: Man, this ball just won't break...
Desire: Hmph!  Bill's creations aren't that easy to crack!
Bartolomeo: Ya mean the same Bill whose flunky just tried to kill you?!
Desire: He's not the kind of guy to hurt one of his own crew!
Bartolomeo: "Bill" this, "Bill" that! Take a good look at what's goin' on 'round ya!
Desire: A turncoat like you ain't got no right to say that!
Bartolomeo: "Turncoat"?  What're you on about?
Desire: You an' I promised each other we'd aim to be the best together, but then outta nowhere, ya up 'n said ya wanted ta help Straw Hat be Pirate King! An' that's why I set out ta sea with my crew!
Bartolomeo: "Crew"? Well, what happened to yer pirate crew then?
Desire: Ain't nunya business!
Bartolomeo: Whaddya mean, ain't none o' my business?!
Desire: They... ain't no more.
Bartolomeo: "Ain't no more"?
Desire: Once 'pon a time, I lost... everythin' I had. We's lost.
Silver Sister: Oh, what's that?! S-Sis...
Desire: I-Is this where... it ends... for me?
Bill: Hey! You alright?  Hey! Stay with me! Thank goodness, there are survivors. I see! So you're Desire, from East Blue! "The fastest female pirate racer there is"! It's an honor to meet you!
Desire: I ain't her anymore. I was shot in the back by some jerk I trusted, lost my crew and my bike, and now here I am, like this. I was stupid, dreaming I'd reach the top...
Bill: Don't give up so easily! I'm gonna dominate the Pirate Era! But I need a trustworthy crew to make that happen! Take that battle boat. She's not an easy ride,  but I'm sure you can put it to good use. If we all work together, our dreams will come true! Would you like to come with me?
Desire: I finally met someone that shared my ideals. Everyone in the fortress trusts Bill too.
Bartolomeo: So were ya after Luffy-senpai jus' ta please him?
Desire: Yeah, and you never could shut up about the Straw Hats!
Luffy: So you've been workin' hard for your crew, just like us!
Desire: Don't think you can sweet talk me!
Bartolomeo: This smells real fishy to me.
Desire: He's way cooler than you or Straw Hat!
Silver Slave Miner: Hey!  What's going on over there?
Bartolomeo: I could ask ya th' same!  Who th' hell're you guys?!
Silver Slave Miner: Will this do?
Bartolomeo: Yeah!  Thanks! Here goes! Ow ow ow ow! That's way too hot!
Silver Slave Miner: S-Sorry...
Bartolomeo: It's comin' off... one more time!
Desire: One of good ol' Granny's pearls of wisdom, right?
Luffy: Ya know her?
Desire: Yup!  Ain't nothin' that Granny don't know!
Silver Slave Miner: This must be Bill's doing.
Luffy: Can ya break it?
Silver Slave Miner: No, we can't. Were you guys dropped from up there too?
Desire: Whaddya mean, "too"?  Who are y'all? And where is this place?
Silver Slave Miner: Ya don't know nothin' at all? Silver Mine is rich in ore. These are the mine shafts. And we're former members of the Silver Pirate Alliance. It didn't matter what we did,  there was just no pleasing Bill. Those who can't bring him treasure,  or people with bounties on their heads, end up being tossed down here, and are forced to mine ore from dawn to dusk.
Bartolomeo: Tossin' aside his own crew like that...  he's jus' plain cruel!
Silver Slave Miner: We're simply his slaves.
Desire: Lies!  There ain't no way Bill would do that to his own crew!
Silver Slave Miner: I know it's hard to believe. But it's the truth.
Luffy: Hey, is there no way outta here?
Silver Slave Miner: The railroad's the only connection between here and up above. But if we use it, Avelon will know right away. So many people have tried, but they all failed. I'd just give up, if I were you.
Bartolomeo: What's this racket?
Avelon: The Avelon Limited Express is arriving shortly.
Silver Slave Miner: Avelon?!
Avelon: I see someone ahead of me. Please do mind the bombs again!
Silver Slave Miner: Here comes Avelon!
Bartolomeo: I gotta hurry an' git this sticky stuff off!
Desire: Hey!  Did Bill really tell you to... get rid of me as well?
Avelon: Indeed he did!
Desire: So that's how it is.
Silver Slave Miner: Avelon's running wild!
Avelon: Bombardment, bombardment!
Bartolomeo: Yeah, got it all off! Ow, ow, ow... You guys okay?
Silver Slave Miner: M-More or less...
Bartolomeo: How 'bout you, Luffy-senpai? Oh, Senpai!  Are you alright?!
Avelon: I've found Straw Hat! Stand by for Straw Hat impalement... with this specially-crafted drill made by Bill!
Bartolomeo: Oh crap! Luffy-senpai!
Luffy: I'm free!
Avelon: It went right through!  How isn't he hurt?!
Luffy: Where were ya aimin'? My body ain't that big! Here we go, Mine Cart!
Avelon: Switching over to Hyper Special Express! All aboard!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no...
Avelon: Take this!
Luffy: ...Hammer!
Bartolomeo: Way ta go, Luffy-senpai!
Luffy: Gear Second! Gomu Gomu no... Jet Gatling!
Silver Slave Miner: U-Unbelievable!  He did it!
Avelon: Now pulling into the garage!
Luffy: Hold it!
Bartolomeo: Oh, please wait for me, Senpai!
Avelon: Stand by for track... change!
Luffy: Wait up! You ain't gettin' away!
Avelon: Track change!
Luffy: What a pain in the butt!
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai! Lemme take care of him!
Avelon: Changing tracks, changing tracks! Changing tracks! Not changing tracks...
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... ...Jet Bazooka!
Silver Slave Miner: He took down Avelon without breaking a sweat... Amazing!
Luffy: See?  I took down Mine Cart!
Bartolomeo: I fought side-by-side with Luffy-senpai fer the first time!
Luffy: Hey!  Let's get the heck outta here!
Peseta: Avelon!  Hey, Avelon!
Bill: What's wrong?
Peseta: He's not responding.  He must've screwed up. If Straw Hat and the others  make it up here, we'll be in trouble!
Bill: Then, let's just... bury them all.
Narrator: As Luffy's group heads for the surface, the next assassin, Peseta, appears in their way. Just when the secret weapons of the Guzu Guzu Fruit... are about to set everything ablaze in the mine shafts, Zoro and his party finally arrive. With their pride at stake,  Zoro and Peseta begin their duel!
