Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the  Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy and his friends departed Dress Rosa, and were en route to their next destination, Zou,  to meet up with the other half of their crew. Out of the blue, they were attacked by battle boats, and Luffy was taken to the mysterious island Silver Mine, along with Bartolomeo. His life threatened by the leader of the Silver Pirate Alliance, Bill, Luffy falls into an underground mine shaft,  where he learns the truth about Bill.
Desire: Lies!  There ain't no way Bill would do that to his own crew!
Silver Slave Miner: I know it's hard to believe. But it's the truth.
Desire: Hey!  Did Bill really tell you to... get rid of me as well?
Avelon: Indeed he did!
Desire: So that's how it is.
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... ...Jet Bazooka!
Bartolomeo: I fought side-by-side with Luffy-senpai fer the first time!
Peseta: If Straw Hat and the others  make it up here, we'll be in trouble!
Bill: Then, let's just... bury them all.
Luffy: White-Hot Sword Technique Law and Zoro Finally Appear! This the right track?
Silver Slave Miner: Yeah, that one goes all the way to the top. They were using it to carry ore out. But we dunno what lies ahead.
Bartolomeo: So's we gotta leave it up ta luck, right, Luffy-senpai?
Luffy: Alright, we're off!
Bartolomeo: Okay! Oh, I'm so thrilled! I'm answerin' Luffy-senpai's commands,  almost like I'm one o' the Straw Hats! What's this?  You guys sure ain't very lively.
Silver Slave Miner: Well, we do wanna get out of here, but... If Bill finds us, we'll just end up back here again. On top of that, we'll be on the receiving end of harsh punishment.
Bartolomeo: What're y'all afraid of?! Luffy-senpai's strong as a hundred men! Wait, no, a thousand!  Ten thousand!  A hundred million! No, no, no...
Desire: Give it a rest.
Silver Slave Miner: Even so, it don't matter how strong he is, he's no match for Bill. I don't wanna have molten metal  poured on me and be turned into a statue! And it's not just Bill.  They've got this scary commander named Peseta too.
Bartolomeo: Feh!  Do whatever ya want, fer all I care!
Desire: Wait! I've made up my mind. I'm gettin' outta here with  Straw Hat an' settlin' things!
Bartolomeo: "Settlin' things"?
Desire: So y'all wanna spend the rest of your lives here? If you stay here, yer jus' waitin' ta be murdered! An' if that's the case, ain't ya better off  takin' your chances tryin' ta get off this island? Have some guts! That is, if ya call yerself a pirate!
Silver Slave Miner: I'm going! Me too!
Desire: Huh?  I can't hear ya!
Silver Slave Miners: We're goin' along with him!
Luffy: Right, let's go!
Silver Slave Miners: Yeah!
Peseta: Good job getting here.
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Balloon!
Bartolomeo: I'm landing on Luffy-senpai's Gomu Gomu Balloon! Such bliss!
Desire: Don't fall asleep!
Silver Slave Miner: Watch out!  The overpass is collapsing!
Bartolomeo: Lemme handle this!  Barrier!
Luffy: Nice job, Hen-comb!
Bartolomeo: Thanks!  I'm honored ta be of service!
Peseta: This is really... Really incredible, incredible, incredible!
Desire: Peseta!  Are these part o' Bill's orders, too?
Peseta: Of course!
Desire: And yer gonna bury these guys alive as well,  after driving them so hard?!
Peseta: Trying to spare just them would be... an incredible pain in the rear!  So I'll just be... taking care of them along with you guys!
Bartolomeo: Now I'm pissed! Barrier Crush!
Peseta: Your barrier's as dangerous as they say.
Bartolomeo: It ain't just "dangerous"! Bari-ability! Stairs!
Luffy: Oh, the barrier stairs!
Bartolomeo: Climb 'em, Luffy-senpai!
Desire: Why're you lookin' the other way?!
Luffy: Alright!  Hen-comb, I'm goin' on ahead!
Bartolomeo: Please take care! Oh, I mean, I'm comin' with! This is awesome!  I'm havin' so much fun!
Peseta: If I'm correct, there's a limit to the size of the barrier you can produce at one time.
Bartolomeo: Why ya dirty... I used it all up on the staircase!
Desire: Follow Straw Hat!
Bartolomeo: Climb up as fast as ya can!
Silver Slave Miners: Yeah!
Silver Brother: Peseta-sama!  We must do something!
Peseta: Don't panic! I already have Plans B and C ready.
Silver Brother: We're gonna burn you all to a crisp!
Law: Shambles!
Kin'emon: Pardon!  Foxfire Style... Fire-Willow Flash!
Silver Brother: What the?!
Luffy: Kin'emon!
Kin'emon: There is no fire that I cannot cut!
Law: You deal with the rest.
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Elephant Gun! We're finally outta there!
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai's Elephant Gun!  I got ta see somethin' awesome!
Desire: What're ya standin' there for? Let's go already!
Peseta: Ah ah, you're not going any further! Don't think you've won just yet.
Luffy: You again, Penta?!
Peseta: It's Peseta!  Get a load of this!
Desire: The gals!
Silver Sister: Desire!
Peseta: If you resist, I'll put an end to their lives! So, you gonna come along quietly?
Kin'emon: Most unfair!
Desire: Peseta, yer lower than low!
Peseta: "Lower than low"?  You've got it all wrong. You mean "incredible", don't you?!
Desire: You gals okay?!
Silver Sisters: Y-Yes!
Luffy: Zoro!
Bartolomeo: There he is! When his friends have their backs to th' wall, he appears in th' nick o' time! It's Zoro-senpai!
Zoro: Luffy, I owe him a debt of pain.  Let me handle this.
Luffy: That so?  'Kay.
Peseta: You sure seem relaxed, Pirate Hunter Zoro. You might have a bounty of 320 million, but you were incredibly pathetic when we last met! Laugh at him!  Feel free to laugh at him, guys!
Bartolomeo: What a jerk! How dare 'e make fun o' Zoro-senpai! I'ma beat the crap outta of him! Luffy-senpai?
Luffy: He said he'll do it.
Zoro: Bring it on.
Peseta: You don't know your place! I'll immobilize you again!
Zoro: Single-Sword Style: Draw...
Peseta: No way!  My Adhesive Shell  should stick to anything that it touches!
Zoro: Any swordsman who allows that disgusting crap to touch his blade would shame themselves!
Kin'emon: Only Zoro-dono is capable of such feats!
Desire: What jus' happened?
Bartolomeo: Zoro-senpai diced up every last Adhesive Shell in a single slash!
Peseta: This is far from over! Right? Hey...
Zoro: That's right!
Peseta: Why you... You... You...
Zoro: Three-Sword Style... Black Rope: Grand Dragon Twister!
Silver Brother: Where'd that twister come from?! It's coming this way! This sucks!
Silver Brothers: This sucks!
Kin'emon: Splendid!
Silver Sister: Sis!
Desire: Right, now's our chance.  Get everyone to the port. We're leavin' this island.
Silver Sister: Yes, ma'am!  But what are you going to do?
Desire: I'll be along after I settle things.
Silver Sister: Then we're coming with you!
Desire: I got m'self into this mess. An' I'm gettin' myself outta it.
Silver Sister: Understood.  Please promise us you'll come back! We won't leave until you come back to us!
Desire: Yeah!
Silver Sister: Right... let's go, everyone!
Silver Slave Miner: You guys saved our lives! Thank you!
Luffy: Bye!
Bartolomeo: Settle things... Ya mean with Bill?
Desire: Ain't nunya business.
Bartolomeo: Ya still trust that jerk?!
Desire: More like I don't. Anyway, I got somethin' ta settle with ya too, Straw Hat. I apologize for being rude this whole time. I'm sorry!
Luffy: Forget 'bout it!   That chocolate ya gave me was pretty tasty!
Zoro: We gotta go.  Usopp and the crew're waiting at the ship.
Kin'emon: It will only be a matter of time before enemy boats are upon us. We must make haste as well.
Bartolomeo: Bye!
Luffy: Hot, hot, hot, hot! That was close!
Bill: What a shame. Straw Hat and the Pirate Hunter... They're worth 820 million combined, and here I had a chance to capture both of them at once.
Desire: Bill!
Zoro: Luffy!
Kin'emon: We shall provide support!
Zoro: Don't need it.  Go on without me!
Kin'emon: But...
Luffy: I'm leaving Usopp and the crew to you.
Zoro: Let's go.
Kin'emon: Understood.
Bill: Ah, forget about the Pirate Hunter. But I won't let a man worth  five hundred million get away, Straw Hat.
Gambia: Right, you louts! Franky-senpai took the trouble to repair our Going Luffy-senpai... Don't let'em hurt her any more!
Barto Fan Club: Aye!
Usopp: Go!  Sure-Kill Green Star: Sea Devil!
Silver Brother: Dodge!
Franky: Weapons Left!
Robin: Mil Fleur... Gigantesco Mano!
Franky: They keep comin' one after another!
Law: Isn't Straw Hatter here yet?
Robin: I guess he's run into trouble.
Usopp: Luffy...
Desire: Straw Hat. I'm gonna be the one ta settle the score with 'im.
Bill: Oh, "settle the score"? My way of settling the score  will be to collect every last bounty. And to do that,  I'm going to smelt you along with this mine.
Desire: What?! If you do that, your underlings'll-
Bill: What's the problem with that? Compared to Straw Hat and the others, you're pretty much trash, but you've helped me get a little bit closer to my dream, at least.
Desire: Your dream's ta be leader o' the pack  in the Pirate Era, ain't it?! That's what ya told me when ya saved me, ain't it?!
Bill: "Saved you"?  I guess I did save you, huh? Since you had the capability to lead a girl gang, I thought I could use you...
Desire: What'd ya say? Don't tell me yer the one that sank our boats that day...
Bill: That's right. It was me. It was me who sank you. It was me who saved you. I put on a hell of a show, didn't I? And guess what? Being the simple-minded fool that you were, you took the bait hook, line, and sinker, and bought into my dream, becoming my loyal dog. That's all there is to it.
Desire: You damned, dirty... I ain't gonna let this go... How dare ya... take advantage o' our feelings?!
Bill: Your tears make me sick.
Narrator: Gild Tesoro, the golden emperor behind the curtain,  draws out Bill's hidden ability. In the midst of a blaze gone out of control, when Luffy's fist of wrath clashes with the raging Bill... the battle in Silver Mine finally reaches its climax!
