Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the  Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy and his friends departed Dress Rosa,  and were en route to their next destination, Zou. Out of the blue, they were attacked by battle boats, and Luffy was taken to an uncharted island, Silver Mine, along with Bartolomeo.
Bill: Straw Hat, you'll be soon joining them. This is where your voyage ends. I'm a blast furnace man with the power of the Guzu Guzu Fruit. My body is a white-hot blast furnace. I can smelt ore and produce all kinds of things. I'll turn you into a sublime silver statue,  befitting of a man worth five hundred million!
Narrator: Their lives endangered by the leader of the Silver Pirate Alliance, Bill, Fighting Desire, Bill's follower and Bartolomeo's childhood friend, Luffy's party falls into a mine shaft. There, they learn the truth about Bill.
Law: Shambles!
Narrator: They defeated Bill's right-hand man, Peseta, with help from Zoro and the others, and managed to return above ground,  only to confront Bill again.
Desire: What'd ya say? Don't tell me yer the one that sank our boats that day...
Bill: That's right. It was me. It was me who sank you. It was me who saved you. I put on a hell of a show, didn't I? And guess what? Being the simple-minded fool that you were, you took the bait hook, line, and sinker, and bought into my dream, becoming my loyal dog. That's all there is to it.
Desire: You damned, dirty... I ain't gonna let this go... How dare ya... take advantage o' our feelings?!
Bill: Your tears make me sick.
Luffy: Desperate Situation Luffy's Battle at Fever Pitch
Bill: Pathetic!  Oh, so pathetic! Man, pirates are a hopeless bunch. You guys really do believe in immature crap like dreams! You're no better than kids. But you were still pretty handy! All I had to do was dangle a dream in front of you, and that's all it took to hypnotize scum like you into serving me! You bunch of goons unwittingly  worked your butts off around the clock, all to bring me treasures and bounties that I'm going to use to live it up in the best way possible! So then, what brought you here, Desire? You said you wanted to "settle things", right? Surely you don't think you can actually defeat me, do you? What?!  You underestimate me! Alrighty, then.  Bring it on! Hey, what's wrong?  Huh?  Bring it on! Well, if you're going to be that way,  I'll just smelt you first! Straw Hat!
Luffy: Man, you grind my gears.
Desire: Wait, he's-
Bartolomeo: Desire! Let Luffy-senpai handle 'im.
Bill: Such pure eyes... They make me want to throw up! I'll turn you into mincemeat!
Bartolomeo: Attaboy!
Desire: He's so strong...
Luffy: You ain't bringin' me down.
Bill: So this the strength of a man with a bounty of 500 million.
Silver Riders: Bill!
Silver Rider: Is that Desire?! Why's she with Straw Hat and that other guy?
Desire: Y'all gotta listen to me!  Y'all been had by Bill-
Bill: Desire betrayed us! She's joined sides with Straw Hat, and wants to destroy the Silver Pirate Alliance! She already took out Avelon and Peseta!
Silver Rider: What'd you say?! Then that means the Straw Hats attacked us because...
Bill: Desire masterminded it.
Desire: What're ya on about?! Guys, don't let 'im fool yas!
Bartolomeo: That ain't gonna work, Desire.
Desire: I saw 'em with mah own eyes!  All our pals, abandoned by Bill, slavin' away under this right here ground!
Bill: Come now, come now!  You're all part of my crew, and you know I wouldn't do such a thing! Down with the traitor! Kill Straw Hat and that other guy!
Desire: How dare 'e say that an' feel no shame...
Bartolomeo: Well, saw that coming.
Silver Riders: Let's roll!
Bill: They're all so naïve... They'll die, as my shields.
Desire: Straw Hat, just 'member they's been hoodwinked!  Go easy on 'em!
Luffy: There you are, Guzu Guzu.
Bill: No way!
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai!
Luffy: Well, guess we'd better head back to the crew!
Bartolomeo: Okay!
Desire: H-He's somethin' else...
Tanaka: Quite pathetic of you to be defeated by such a lowly pirate. Was that as far as your greed took you? I suppose this means the Monster of the New World  will be quite disappointed with you. Should he cast you aside, it will mean your end.
Bill: The Monster of the New World... The King of Greed that easily brought  my pirate crew to its knees with the power of money.
Gild Tesoro: Seeing the face of those giving in to me... Now that's entertainment.
Bill: If he... ...discards me... Not yet!  It's not over yet!
Tanaka: Aren't you eating too much? I suppose you know what you're doing. Well then, let us see what you are capable of.
Luffy: It's gettin' kinda hot!
Bartolomeo: Yeah, it is. Still wanna fight?! Huh?
Luffy: What's goin' on?
Bartolomeo: The ground's...
Franky: There's a ton of 'em!
Usopp: When will it end?!
Zoro: One-Sword Style: 360-Pound Cannon!
Usopp: Zoro!  Kin'emon!
Law: Where's Straw Hatter?
Kin'emon: We did meet with him!  However...
Zoro: They said they wanted to handle everything on their own. If we sit tight, they'll come.
Usopp: Huh?!
Law: How can he be so easygoing?
Robin: I'm just relieved to hear that they're fine.
Usopp: What the... everything's melting!
Bartolomeo: What's up with that?  Is it even human?
Desire: It's Bill.
Bartolomeo: B-Bill? I thought he was a blast furnace human! He's s'posed ta be a Paramecia-type Devil Fruit user, ain't he?! But that's more like Logia!
Bill: You won't get away!
Bartolomeo: It's hotter 'n hell! At this rate, th' whole island's gonna melt!
Desire: That's probably what 'e wants. He wants t' smelt everythin' down, including us!
Bartolomeo: Eh?!
Desire: We'd better scram!
Bill: You're not going anywhere!
Bartolomeo: Barrier!
Desire: Behind us!
Bartolomeo: He's cuttin' off our way out!
Bill: I'll smelt everyone that's useless to me!
Bartolomeo: It's comin' in from the side, too! Desire, you alright?! L-Luffy-senpai!
Luffy: Aw, crap!
Desire: Leggo my hand, Bartolomeo! Ain't you gotta go help your hero Straw Hat become Pirate King?
Bartolomeo: Shaddup about that!  I ain't lettin' go! You's mah pal! Even if I was that rotten, I wouldn' throw away a pal!
Desire: "Pal"? Wait a sec, ya did toss me out once!
Bartolomeo: Huh, I did?
Bill: This is where you all die!
Bartolomeo: Oh man, that was too close!
Luffy: Thanks!
Bartolomeo: Don't mention it! I'll make up for not getting to you sooner by backing you up with everything I've got! Go, go, Luffy-senpai!
Desire: Shaddap!
Luffy: Hen-comb! Can ya do somethin' about this hot stuff?
Bartolomeo: I'll handle it for you, of course!
Bill: Handle this if you can!
Bartolomeo: Bari-ability! Big Hand! That take care o' it?
Luffy: Nope, not yet.
Bill: You worthless pirate scum... I know something that none of you do. Childish things like dreams... won't help you... ...survive the New World! Who cares about being the best?! Or being Pirate King?! I'm going to shatter those dreams!
Luffy: Shut the hell up! Gomu Gomu no... Grizzly... Magnum!
Bartolomeo: He did it! Ah can't believe Ah fought next ta Luffy-senpai! Mah wildest dreams came true!
Desire: Hey, look!
Bartolomeo: Why ain't things changed back?
Desire: All that molten metal Bill produced is made from real ore! So it won't simply go away, even if you take him down!
Bartolomeo: Then how're we gonna get outta here?!
Desire: Like Ah'm s'posed ta know!
Luffy: Hey, ain't that...
Silver Brother: Hurry up! Come on!
Sweet Pirate: Alright, don't rush. You're okay now!
Silver Slave Miner: You're lifesavers!
Silver Brother: Hey!  Let us come aboard, too!
Sweet Pirate: Get on already!
Silver Brother: We gotta leave while we still can!
Sweet Pirate: But Sis and the others aren't here yet!
Silver Brother: We can't wait any longer!  Set sail!
Sweet Pirates: Sis!
Gambia: Th-Th-Th-That isn't a good sign, is it?!
Barto Club Member: Shouldn't we go help them?
Zoro: Don't worry! The Vivre Card's moving.  That means he's still okay.
Franky: This is nowhere near enough to take Luffy out.
Robin: Oh my, the island is sinking.
Gambia: That's really not good! Luffy-san and our captain are Devil Fruit users!
Usopp: There they are!
Luffy: Hey!
Bartolomeo: We's back!
Barto Club: Welcome back, you two!
Franky: Told ya!
Luffy: This feels great!
Sweet Pirates: Sis!
Desire: Hey, you gals!
Luffy: Oh!  Glad they're okay!
Desire: Yous guys really saved our hides back there.
Bartolomeo: Dern tootin'!  Don't let 'chaselves be fooled by a bad guy 'gain, hear?
Desire: Oh, mah bad!
Bartolomeo: Oh, and... If you ain't got nowhere else ta go, Ah'll even letchas in the Barto Club. We can hang out together like we used ta!
Barto Club: Come hang with us!
Desire: Bartolomeo... Ah'll pass.  Ah'm not really a fan o' Straw Hat's. Had enough o' ridin' in the back seat, 'sides. From here on out, me 'n the gals're gonna be queens of the sea on our own strength! That's our new dream!
Sweet Pirates: Darn straight!
Bartolomeo: Don' push yer luck! You ain't got no chance 'gainst Luffy-senpai!
Desire: I ain't gonna know 'til I try! Yer gonna regret sayin' that!
Bartolomeo: Any idjit could tell ya don't!
Luffy: You two are so funny! Well, let's get goin'!
Bartolomeo: Huh?!
Desire: Wait! Later, jerks. Alright, we better get goin' too!
Sweet Pirates: Aye, aye, Sis!
Barto Club: Take care!
Bartolomeo: See yas!
Luffy: Alright, louts!  Set sail for Zou!
Barto Club: Aye, aye!
Koala: So that's Gran Tesoro... This is where the Monster of the New World, a man with power to rival that of the Celestial Dragons, lives.
Tanaka: The ore deposits at Silver Mine sank along with Bill, Tesoro-sama.
Gild Tesoro: That so?  Well, no matter. I've already had my fun with Bill. The real entertainment begins now.
Narrator: Dense fog and turbulent currents keep people away from the legendary island, Zou. In a mysterious, millenium-old country where its native inhabitants, the Mink Tribe, reign supreme, the curtain rises on Luffy's exciting new adventure!
