Luffy: H-Help! Shanks!
Shanks: Get lost! Hey, don't cry. You're a man, aren't you?
Luffy: But... Shanks... Your arm!
Shanks: It's just one arm.  A small price to pay. I'm just glad you're safe.
Villager: You'll never be a pirate!
Luffy: I will! Someday, I'm gonna gather a crew as good as yours, and I'm gonna find the greatest treasure in the world, and I'm gonna be the Pirate King, you'll see!
Shanks: Oh, you're gonna surpass us, huh? Well, in that case... I'll leave this hat with you. This is my special hat. Take good care of it. Come return it to me some day, when you've become a great pirate! That's our promise, Luffy!
Luffy: The Curtain Rises on a New Adventure Arrival at the Phantom Island, Zou!
Narrator: Trailing Nami and the rest of their crew they parted with at Dress Rosa, Luffy and the gang sail onward to the next island, Zou.
Barto Club Member: Wow!  Shanks is already in the story?! That's our Luffy-senpai!
Bartolomeo: Ain't that amazin'?!  It's too amazin' for words!
Gambia: What are you up to, Boss?  You're looking very excited!
Bartolomeo: I's just tellin' everyone a buncha legends I learnt by interviewin' Luffy-senpai an' his crew! Y'all can listen in too, so just 'ave a seat!
Barto Club Member: Tell us more already! Please, Boss!
Bartolomeo: Right, then! Ten years later, Luffy-senpai left Windmill Village... an' met Roronoa Zoro-senpai, also known as... the "Pirate Hunter", at a Navy base. "Pirate Hunter"... That's got such a cool ring to it! A girl tried to give 'im rice balls. But some Marine stomped on them.
Zoro: That hit the spot.  Thanks for the food. You!
Luffy: Ain't gonna work!
Zoro: W-Who the hell are you?!
Luffy: I'm Luffy, the man that's gonna be Pirate King!
Zoro: If the alternative's dying here, then fine! I'll be a pirate. But I'll tell you this up front... I'm fulfilling my own ambition, no matter what! And that's to be the world's greatest swordsman!
Luffy: Oh, neat! The Pirate King's gonna need someone like you in his crew! Gomu Gomu no... Pistol! Nice! Zoro.
Zoro: My pleasure, Captain.
Bartolomeo: An' so the man that was lookin' ta be the world's greatest swordsman, the Three Sword Style user Zoro-senpai, set off on a journey with Luffy-senpai. Ain't that a hoot?!
Nami: I'm a burglar who only steals from pirates.  My name's Nami. Hey, do you want to team up with me?
Bartolomeo: "Cat Burglar" Nami-senpai! She was a thief that stole treasure from pirates. But she had a dern good reason for it...
Zoro: So these are your true colors, huh?
Nami: Surprised?  It was all an act. I'm a pirate, plain and simple! An officer of the Arlong Pirates!
Bartolomeo: Fer many years, her home village was under the rule of a fishman named Arlong, an' she was tryin' ta buy it back with the money she'd risked life 'n limb to collect.
Nami: Luffy... Help.
Luffy: You bet I will! Nami! You are one of us!
Bartolomeo: That was th' moment th' navigator, Nami-senpai, joined th' crew! "O-One of us"... I-I wish I could hear 'im sayin' that ta me!
Nami: Bye, everyone!  I'll be back!
Usopp: I am leader of the great pirate crew  that reigns supreme over this village, Usopp! People hail me... and then hail me some more as "Captain Usopp"!
Bartolomeo: In Syrup Village, they met Usopp-senpai. He was known as the biggest talker in the village. But he's actually a man among men  that'll stand up ta any enemy... an' risk 'is neck when push comes ta shove!
Usopp: Even if I'm no match for him, I'll protect them... I will protect them! I'm a brave warrior of the sea! I won't let you lay a finger on the village!
Kuro: Why is an outsider like you  butting into the affairs of this village?
Luffy: 'Cause there's a man in this village I don't want to die.
Bartolomeo: H-Here it comes! That's when they met th' Going Merry-senpai, too!
Usopp: You guys take care, too! Let's meet again sometime!
Luffy: Why d'ya say that?
Zoro: Get on already.
Luffy: We're friends, ain't we?
Bartolomeo: Fer the sake o' becomin' a brave warrior of the sea, Usopp-senpai joined th' crew as their sniper! Luffy-senpai needed a cook, an' that's when he met Sanji-senpai, who was workin' at a restaurant on th' sea as a sous-chef.
Sanji: Eat up.
Gin: Sowweh...
Sanji: Pretty damn delicious, isn't it?
Gin: Uh-huh!
Luffy: I found us a good cook!
Sanji: This restaurant is the damn geezer's treasure! I... I can't repay the damn geezer for his kindness... unless I risk my life for him too!
Luffy: Dyin' ain't gonna repay nobody!
Sanji: Say... You know about All Blue?
Luffy: Nope.
Sanji: Wait a sec. We've both got foolish dreams. In order to reach my goal, All Blue...
Luffy: Sanji?
Sanji: That's right, I'm coming along with you... on your journey to become Pirate King.
Luffy: Huh?
Sanji: I'll be your ship's cook. So you okay with that, or what?
Luffy: 'Course I'm okay with it! Alright!
Sanji: Owner Zeff! Thank you for taking such damn good care of me all these years! I'll never forget your kindness... for the rest of my life!
Bartolomeo: Sanji-senpai's a first-rate chef of th' sea! I hope ta meet 'im soon and watch 'is fancy footwork in action!
Nami: Aren't you doing that backward?
Bartolomeo: Ta cure Nami-senpai's disease,  they stopped at a Winter Island. An' there, they met  "Cotton Candy Lover" Tony Tony Chopper-senpai! He's half-human, half-reindeer 'cause he ate th' Hito Hito Fruit. He used ta have no friends 'cause he looked funny. But he's a good doctor, havin' learned advanced medical stuff from the people who saved 'is life.
Wapol: W-W-Wha?!
Luffy: Someone like you, without any resolve, has no right to touch someone else's skull mark! Gomu Gomu no... Bazooka!
Chopper: I can't join your crew!
Luffy: Shut up!  Let's go!
Bartolomeo: So Luffy-senpai welcomed Chopper-senpai as the ship's doctor. Whatta guy! Th' tears jus' keep flowin'! B-B-B... B... Believe it or not, Robin-senpai an' Franky-senpai were their enemies at first!
Barto Club: Huh?!
Bartolomeo: But Robin-senpai, also known as the "Demon Child", had been travelin' along with th' crew since Alabasta. An' Franky-senpai first appeared as th' head of the Franky Family in the City of Water, Water Seven!
Luffy: Robin! I've come to get you! Just leave the rest to us!
Robin: If I really am allowed to express my true desires, then... I... I wanna live! Take me with you, to the sea!
Luffy: We're all goin' back, together! Robin! Well, hop on, Franky! Aboard my ship.
Franky: Fine.  I suppose I can take care of it for ya. I, Franky, accept the job as your ship's shipwright!
Bartolomeo: Both Robin-senpai, the archaeologist searchin' fer the truth behind the Void Century, an' Franky-senpai, the crew's shipwright, joined th' crew on their voyage. An' in a weird patch o' sea known as the Florian Triangle, they met Brook-senpai, a dead man whose body ain't nothin' but bones.
Luffy: You! Join my crew!
Brook: Very well. The name of the friend that we promised to meet up with at the cape was... Laboon! After making such a one-sided promise, and being under a distant sky where my voice cannot reach him... I can't say, "Sorry I died!" Because a man once swore, "We shall return, whatever it takes"! I'm so happy to be alive!
Luffy: Yeah, who wouldn't be?
Brook: May I join your crew?
Luffy: Sure.
Bartolomeo: Ever since he came back by  th' power of th' Yomi Yomi Fruit, he'd been adrift at sea, all by himself. An' that was the moment he finally made friends! This's how Luffy-senpai built up 'is crew, an' how they became th' Straw Hats as we know 'em today! That wraps up my interview report. Dis ain't no time ta be sappy! Let's get Luffy-senpai an' his crew safely ta Zou!
Barto Club: Yeah!
Luffy: Next stop, Zou!
Marine Officer: The A.O. Pirates, formerly of the Whitebeard Pirates,  have been wiped out.
Borsalino: Is it him again?
Marine Officer: Yes, sir.  The Warlord, Edward Weevil.
Borsalino: So how many former captains of Whitebeard's have been done in?
Marine Officer: Sixteen, sir. Similar to the other incidents, there seems to have been an argument of some sort, resulting in them being blown up along with the entire town they were in. There were about six hundred casualties in all. He's always causing a lot of collateral damage. He may be a Warlord, but we certainly can't overlook this.
Borsalino: Quite the problem...
Marine Officer: He says he's "Whitebeard" Edward Newgate's biological son, says that makes him "special", but many doubt that's who he is.
Borsalino: Well, it makes no difference to us  whether that is true or not. Whoever his father is, he has a certain value to us. As a pirate, he is overwhelmingly strong. Pretty much like Whitebeard, when he was young. But, strength is the only thing  they have in common, is it not?
Narrator: One week after departing from Dress Rosa...
Bartolomeo: Man, it's too foggy.  I can't see ahead o' me.
Zoro: You guys are getting seasick too often! How can you call yourselves pirates?!
Bartolomeo: Gum... Gum...
Franky: "Gum"?
Bartolomeo: It'll make us feel a bit better, Granny said.
Usopp: So that's why there's gum stuck everywhere on the ship!
Luffy: Whatta riot!
Barto Club Member: Boss!  There's something at our two o'clock!
Bartolomeo: What're ya on about?!
Barto Club Member: There's a mountain or monster in the dense fog ahead.
Bartolomeo: I hope there ain't no monster that can be mixed up with a mountain!
Barto Club Member: But it looks like it's moving very slowly...
Bartolomeo: Yer jus' drunk, ya dern...
Luffy: If it's a mountain that moves, let's go-
Usopp: No, you moron! Right now, our priority is to find our way  out of this foggy maze as soon as possible! Otherwise, we'll hit a reef and capsize!
Law: Hold on, God.
Usopp: Did you call me "God"?  I'm flattered! A flattered man worth two hundred million!
Law: I'm sure even the admirals are aware of you now. Check it out.   The Vivre Card is pointing toward that over there.
Luffy: Oh, you're right! That means your crew's there!
Robin: Usopp, you look sick. Would you like some chewing gum?
Usopp: I've been refusing to face reality...
Law: Zou... I heard it blocks out invaders with dense fog and adverse currents.
Franky: There are headwinds, too! Furl the sails!  We row her forward from here!
Barto Club: Roger that...
Franky: Hey!  That's not how you respond!
Luffy: So's this the island, Zou?
Bartolomeo: No way, there's somethin' off!
Usopp: This is no good!  Full retreat, turn her about!
Law: No, this is the place.
Luffy: But Traf!  This is an elephant!
Law: Yeah.  Zou is the name of the flourishing island on the back of a massive elephant.
Usopp: Eh?!  It's alive?!
Law: It's constantly moving, so it's never at the same location. A phantom island. Since there's no actual land, Log Poses won't get you here. I've never been here before, either. It has its back to us. That means Black Leg and the rest could've arrived here much earlier.
Robin: So we were chasing an elephant that was moving away from us.
Law: That's right.  Prepare to make landfall. Mind providing us with provisions?
Bartolomeo: Why fer you?!
Law: Will you share them with Straw Hatter?
Bartolomeo: Help yerselves ta everythin' in da pantry!
Kin'emon: So this is Zou! To think that there are such  fantastic things beyond our land!
Kanjuurou: I do wonder if Momonosuke is faring well. Hey!  I have heard there is a tribe  resident upon Zou that despises humans.
Law: Yeah, the Mink Tribe. They keep humans at bay, and it's said the history of their country goes back nearly a thousand years.
Luffy: A thousand years?! On the elephant's back?! Does that mean that elephant's been alive for a thousand years?!
Narrator: Son of the great pirate, Whitebeard, and the last pirate of the Seven Warlords: Edward Weevil. To avenge his father's death, the strongest son in the world causes a tempest  on the high seas of the New World!
