Narrator: All pirates who seek One Piece strive to reach the second half of the Grand Line... The place called the New World. However, the only one who ever conquered that ocean was the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The New World has killed the dreams and ambitions of countless pirates. And now, the boy who ate the  Gomu Gomu Fruit and became a rubber man, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew are going to challenge that sea.
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: After leaving the island that left  a lasting impact on them, Dress Rosa, Luffy and the others headed for the mysterious island,  Zou, following the trail of Nami's party.
Luffy: So's this the island, Zou?
Bartolomeo: No way, there's somethin' off!
Law: No, this is the place.
Luffy: But Traf!  This is an elephant!
Law: Yeah.  Zou is the name of the flourishing island on the back of a massive elephant.
Luffy: The New Warlord Introducing the Son of the Legendary Whitebeard Wow!  It's huge! Hm?  That's...
Bartolomeo: Huh?!  D-D-Don't tell me that's...
Luffy: It's the Sunny!
Zoro: Shut up!
Bartolomeo: So that's... That's... ...the grand ship that carries  the sacred beings of the Straw Hats! The Thousand Sunny-senpai! I'm blessed!  I'm blessed!
Barto Club: We're blessed!
Usopp: Don't worship it!
Robin: Thank goodness.  They made it to Zou for sure, then.
Franky: I guess that means they managed to lose Big Mom. There's no significant damage.
Luffy: Hey, Sanji! Nami!  Chopper!  Brook!  Momo! Uh... what was the gas guy's name, again?
Usopp: Nobody's responding. What the...
Franky: The elephant's leg is moving!
Bartolomeo: Hold up! 'Ey!  Keep up with it! Aye sir, Boss! Bari-ability: Stairs! D-Did it stop?
Barto Club Member: No, the leg on the other side is about to move forward now! And this one will move again soon!
Bartolomeo: Senpais, please hurry and cross- Huh? Where th' heck'd they... Oh!  They's already crossin'!
Usopp: Luffy!  You seen the others?
Luffy: Looks like they ain't here.
Usopp: What the heck?!
Law: I guess they all made landfall, then.
Luffy: Yeah!  Let's get movin' and catch up to 'em!
Usopp: Right, then!  Take care, guys!
Zoro: You're coming along!
Revolutionary: Dragon-san! Rebel armies are winning all across the world!
Dragon: The fall of the Donquixote Family  has made quite the impact. This many countries were involved  in the weapons trafficking. This will change the tide of the war. But tell our troops not to get  too excited over their victories.
Revolutionary: Yes, sir!
Dragon: The World Government won't just idly sit by. Cipher Pol has been gaining strength in recent years. We must be ever vigilant.
Revolutionary: Sir!
Koala: Dragon-san. We believe we've found some special ore  in the weapons we brought back from Dress Rosa.
Dragon: Ore?
Koala: Do you know of Drunken Iron Ore? It's quite rare, and only a few countries can mine it, so we might be able to figure out where the weapons were actually made.
Dragon: Oh, that's good news.
Koala: Yes.
Dragon: You also brought back our missing troops in Dress Rosa. You're doing remarkably well.
Koala: Oh, come now!   I couldn't have done it without Sabo-kun and Luffy-kun!
Dragon: How's Robin been doing? I heard she was captured in Sabaody,  but that turned out to be completely false.
Koala: That it was!  She's alive and well! Almost like... Aren't you going to ask me about Luffy-kun?
Dragon: Meh, I've heard more than enough on that subject.
Koala: Ah, I bet Sabo-kun talked your ear off.
Dragon: Anyway, Koala...
Koala: Yes, sir?
Dragon: We need their help.
Koala: "Their"?
Dragon: Summon the leaders of the Revolutionary Army around the world!
Koala: Yes, sir! Eh?!  Do you really want to gather those big personalities again?
Lafitte: This is Lafitte.
Burgess: This... Urgess... It's me!
Lafitte: Burgess!  So it is you! We went to Dress Rosa to pick you up,  but you weren't there.
Burgess: Yeah, my bad. I couldn't make contact since I was unconscious almost the whole time.
Shiryuu: Oh, so that son of a gun was still alive after all.
Lafitte: Just where have you been? And where are you now?
Burgess: It's all white here... An island, white as snow. I've been hiding in the bottom of this ship. Pass this along to Captain Teach! If we invade here now, we can steal away a massive amount of weapons!
Lafitte: That's Commodore Teach. How many times must I tell you?
Burgess: Make sure to bring Doc Q too! I'm fatally injured!
Shiryuu: Burgess, out with it already!  Where are you?
Burgess: I don't know the name of the island. It's totally uncharted. Follow my Vivre Card here! Dragon and that obnoxious Sabo brat are here too! I've found it! The Revolutionary Army's general headquarters!
Weevil: Everybody's so dumb an' stupid! Dey all says the same thing! Dat the members of the Whitebeard Pirates're  Whitebeard's only sons! Mommy, Mommy! I'm Whitebeard's son, ain't I?! My beard's white too!
Bakkin: That's right, dear! The Whitebeard Pirates were just some make-believe family. You're the only son by birth  of the world's strongest pirate, Whitebeard!
Weevil: Uh-huh, uh-huh!
Bakkin: And I'm... The woman that Whitebeard loved! So keep your chin up, my dearest!
Weevil: Yer hurtin' me, Mommy!
Bakkin: Look at this!
Weevil: Huh?  Izzat a mirror?
Bakkin: No, it's a picture of Whitebeard!
Weevil: Oh, I thought dat was a mirror.
Bakkin: You look so much like him that  there's no way you're not his son! How can ya be so foolish?!
Weevil: Oh, sorry, Mommy!
Bakkin: But, I forgive you. Because I love you!
Weevil: Mommy!
Bakkin: Now, let's go! Tell me what you've gotta do!
Weevil: Umm... I forgot.
Bakkin: Find what's left of the Whitebeard Pirates,  like Marco the Phoenix! And get something back! Your father, Newgate,  had to have left behind a big fortune, and you're his true heir since you're his son by birth!
Weevil: Oh, I get it, I get it. Oh yeah!  What I really wanna do is get revenge! I wanna take my revenge on Blackbeard fer killin' Daddy! I'ma kill 'im! I ain't forgivin' him no matter what!
Bakkin: Fool boy!  What's the point in taking revenge?  You won't earn a single beli from that! We want money, money! You must inherit his fortune!
Weevil: You're right, Mommy! What's da matter, Mommy?
Bakkin: Doflamingo was taken down. It's him again!  Garp's grandson! They say Marco and the others  tried to protect him in the Paramount War.
Weevil: Then, mebbe he knows somethin' 'bout Marco. Wanna beat him up?
BD Operator: Hello, hello?
Customer: Do you still have the one from the other day?
BD Operator: Yes, we do! Hello!  Thank you for calling Buggy's Delivery!
Customer: We need it in a hurry!  It's urgent!
BD Operator: Director Buggy!
Buggy: What do you want?!
BD Operator: The orders keep pouring in!  The Snail Phones are ringing off their hooks!
Buggy: Good, good!
BD Operator: Since they can't get weapons from Doflamingo anymore, they've turned to pirate mercenaries and calls are flooding in! We reign supreme over the military market!
Buggy: Did you hear that?! Right, you louts! Once you're finished eating, run wild across the battlefields and bring back booty! Your piracy is legitimate under my name... The Royal Warlord, Star Clown Buggy-sama!
BD Crew: Buggy!  Buggy!  Buggy!  Buggy!
Mohji: Oh yeah, Director Buggy! I forgot to tell you we got a call from the S-class mercenary, Hajrudin, and he said he wants to quit.
Buggy: What?
Alvida: Well, it's just one giant.   Let him go.  We have four others.
Mohji: Ah, I meant all five.
Buggy: Huh?!  They're our biggest earners! And we're so busy now!  What's their excuse?!
Mohji: You might not want to know...
Buggy: Out with it! Tell me now!
Bartolomeo: Senpais! We hauled all o' our food to yer ship, so you all ought to be okay for a while. Is there anything else that you need?
Franky: Nope, we're good! Luffy!  We're all set.
Luffy: Alright, let's go!
Bartolomeo: And they're off. I wish I could follow them, just ta watch the  Straw Hat All-Stars of my dreams for a little while, but... I dun wanna get in th' way of mah gods' adventures! Our happiness barometer is  already readin' "high pressure"! Next time we see yas, we'll all 'ave abilities worthy of followers of th' Straw Hats! So if we're able ta help you then, we want the four other masters' Divine Drops! It'd be sheer bliss if we came across 'em!
Robin: An earthworm?
Usopp: It's a snake, isn't it?
Franky: It's got legs, so it's gotta be a lizard.
Bartolomeo: They're totally ignorin' me! Completely ignored! But I'm happy even with dat!
Barto Club Member: So happy!
Kanjuurou: Right, it is complete!
Luffy: What is this?
Usopp: I still think it's a snake.
Kin'emon: I-Is that a snake?
Kanjuurou: Come forth, Cing Dragon!
Kin'emon: "Dragon"?!
Luffy: What is this?! So cool!
Franky: Oh, it's gonna say something!
Cing Dragon: Dra... Dragon... D-Dragon...
Usopp: A kinda pitiful creature came out of the drawing!
Kin'emon: Why did you...
Kanjuurou: Like they say, an eye for an eye.
Robin: Cute...
Kanjuurou: Let us be off, dragon! Dragon!
Cing Dragon: Dragon?!
Robin: Really cute...
Usopp: Well, if we can fly on the dragon, we can get there in no time.
Kanjuurou: Right, everyone! Take hold of its back!  It shall climb for us!
Usopp: Wait, it doesn't fly?!
Luffy: Okay!  Let's go! Good!  Keep goin', dragon!
Usopp: How many kilometers do we have to go? There's no end in sight! Are you sure there's a country up there?
Law: Don't worry. The Vivre Card is pointing up.
Usopp: Oh, okay... Dragon!  You can do it!
Cing Dragon: D-Dragon!
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai!  We look forward to seeing you again! I, Bartolomeo, will devote meself  every day ta becomin' a fine pirate!
Barto Club: Ta becoming fine pirates!
Franky: Hey, Luffy!  Bartolomeo and his crew're sayin' something!
Luffy: Oh, Romeo, huh? I forgot to thank him!
Usopp: It's not Romeo, it's Lomeo!
Luffy: Hey, Lomeo! Bye, Lomeo's crew! Thanks for bringing us here!
Bartolomeo: What?! D-Did he just call me by name?! This's the first time he's called me by name!
Gambia: Good for you, Boss!
Bartolomeo: Y-You too!  Thank ya very much! Please take care on your journey!
Luffy: You all too!  See yas!
Bartolomeo: Luffy-senpai!  Take care!
Narrator: And so, the adventurers set their sights toward the summit of the mysterious island, Zou. To meet up with Sanji and the others, Luffy and his group head for the massive elephant's back in the distance. After climbing the steep cliff, overcoming a number of crises, and bidding a heartbreaking farewell, the phantom island that's been shrouded in mystery is finally revealed!
