Narrator: The goals: the final island, Raftel... and the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece! However, no one has ever reached that legendary land... except for Gold Roger, the Pirate King. It is the Great Pirate Era. As the monsters of the New World fight fiercely amongst themselves, the Straw Hat Pirates are at the center of the storm. Their captain is a rubber man that ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit: Monkey D. Luffy! Zoro! Nami! Usopp! Sanji! Chopper! Robin! Franky! Brook! This tight-knit group of nine pirates make their way through the vast ocean... with their sights set on One Piece!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy's party arrived at Zou,  where their new adventure is about to unfold. This island, large enough to pierce the clouds, is actually an elephant that's been alive for a millennium. Luffy and the rest met Wanda and Carrot from the Mink Tribe, and were guided to the place called the Rightflank Fortress. There, they finally reunited with Nami's group.
Wanda: Ten days ago, most of our country was already destroyed. But on that day, Nami and the others arrived here. We could only describe it as a miracle! If not for their courage and Chopper's medical expertise, everyone in the Mokomo Dukedom would've died...
Franky: I know it's just happened and the pain's still fresh, so it's fine if you don't wanna talk about it, but...
Wanda: No, I'll tell you everything. You-teia have the right to know all about what happened.
Mink: Wanda!  Duke Inuarashi said he'd like to see the saviors!
Wanda: Okay, I'll be right there! Will you-teia all come with me?
Heart Pirates: Captain!
Bepo: You're here!
Heart Pirates: Captain! Captain!
Bepo: I missed you! Everyone in the Heart Pirates crew is here!
Shachi: Bepo, you trying to crush him?
Bepo: Sorry about that! Captain, I can't believe you really beat Doflamingo!
Law: Nah, that was Straw Hatter.
Penguin: We have a lot to catch up on. Come with us into the woods.
Law: Sure.
Wanda: This passage is the fastest route to the Duke's sanatorium.
Robin: How peculiar.  Those fruits shine on their own?
Wanda: That's right. They illuminate the darkness of the night.
Usopp: Oh, cool!
Wanda: And the fortress also has...
Usopp: What's wrong?
Wanda: One of you is missing.
Usopp: What?!
Nami: Seriously?  Where is Luffy?
Robin: Oh my.
Usopp: What are you doing, Luffy?!
Luffy: Lookit these grapes! They're growin' everywhere! It's an all-I-can-drink! Comover!  Iss weally swee!
Usopp: You still have room for drinks?! I'm already full! Get back here now!
Luffy: 'Kay!
Usopp: See!  I knew that'd happen!
Luffy: Man, that hit the spot! This place's awesome!
Wanda: I'm glad you think so. We don't usually use this place, though. The capital of the Mokomo Dukedom was... the town you-teia saw... Kurau City. Daily life there was bright and lively.
Mink: Neigh! We got some good ones today! I ran fast so I could nab... the first ones the morning Rain-Ruption provided! It's all fresh today! Oink!  Here you go! Oh, I can't take all this! Don't worry about it.   Just a little bonus for a loyal costumer. Little guy, thank you for  shopping with us!  Oink! It's been a while. Oh, did you gain some weight? Speak for yourself! Garchu!  Well, as long as we're both healthy! Hi!  It's a lovely day, isn't it? It is!  Drop in for a cup of tea later.
Monjii: I'm getting a little drowsy...
Wanda: Kurau City was at peace. People were living carefree lives, free to enjoy time with friends, love their families, and bask in the blessings of nature. But that all ended half a month ago.
Usopp: What in the world happened?
Robin: By the time we got here, the city was completely ravaged. It was like it had been hit by a storm.
Wanda: To be precise, it was seventeen days ago. Yes, the first time in a month and a half since Bepo and the others arrived, a visitor's bell rang all throughout Mokomo Dukedom. But... that was... a bell that should, under normal circumstances, never be rung... The Raiding Bell!
Bariete: I gotta warn everybody!
Mink: No!  Don't tell me... What's that bell? That's the Raiding Bell! What?! Raiding?! No wonder a young lady like  you-gara doesn't know. It rarely rings.
Bariete: The gate has been broken down!  It's pirates! Kick 'em out!
Mink: What's that foul stench?  It's growing stronger!
Wanda: The enemy invaded our peaceful city, tearing up the forest before them. Zunisha felt their presence, and roared.
Usopp: Who were they?  What did they want?!
Wanda: If ruthless enemies of ours want something we don't have, how can we possibly give it to them?
Mink: A mammoth?! But I thought they were extinct!
Jack: Alright, hand him over, now! I know you have a warrior from the Wano Country named Raizou here!
Usopp: Raizou?
Zoro: So the thing you didn't have that the attackers were after... was him.
Mink: A warrior from Wano Country?  Raizou? We've never heard of him! D-Don't harm our country!  Leave!
Sheepshead: So it was real! The lost country of the Mink Tribe! I can't believe you pathetic animals can actually talk.
Mink: Identify yourselves!  Who are you-gara?!
Sheepshead: Seriously... Who d'ya think yer talking to?! This man right here... is a right-hand man of the legendary Kaidou of the Four Emperors! One of his three elite lieutenants, the Disasters! Jack the Drought! Any land he passes through... is tortured and ruined as if a drought occurred. Now, hand over the Wano Country warrior, Raizou! You wouldn't want your quiet, peaceful lives with your children to be threatened, would you?
Mink: "Hand him over"?  But we don't...
Sheepshead: Or wouldja rather fight?!  Huh?!
Monjii: We do not wish to fight you.
Mink: Monjii!
Monjii: However, we need you to listen to us in order to come to an agreement. We cannot hand over someone who isn't here. Jack-san, we Minks don't lie. This person... who was it?
Sheepshead: Raizou!
Monjii: Yes, if you want to look for this Raizou, you can go from door to door...
Pleasure: He shows no mercy,  not even to women, children, or the elderly!
Monjii: That infernal monster! He's not going to listen to us!
Jack: Are we here to talk, Ginrummy?
Ginrummy: No, Jack-sama. We're here to capture a samurai.
Sheepshead: Raizou ain't no samurai, ya idiot.  He's a ninja!
Ginrummy: Shut up, Sheepshead-sama! "Samurai" describes all warriors from Wano Country! Either way works!
Sheepshead: Samurai and ninjas're two different things!
Jack: I only have one demand! Bring Raizou here!
Luffy: M-Mammoth?! Hey, Usopp!  She said there was a mammoth!
Usopp: Eh?  That's what caught your attention? She was just talking about an Emperor!  He serves an Emperor!
Robin: So it was Kaidou's subordinates who attacked this country.
Wanda: Yeah.
Mink: We don't know this "Raizou"! Stop asking for the impossible! We really don't know! How can we tell you about someone we don't even know?!
Jack: Then search the country, high and low! Pleasures!
Mink: My son!
Pleasure: That dumb kid!  Let's show them that we have no mercy! It hurts!
Sheepshead: What the...
Pleasure: You brat! Smash him!
Pleasures: It hurts so much!
Jack: What are you guys doing?
Pleasure: Ow!
Ginrummy: What's with them?!
Sheepshead: They're worthless!
Monjii: There are no weaklings in this country! All Minks are born as gifted fighters! Even a baby knows how to defend itself! Do you-gara dare oppose this entire country? The Musketeers, who have trained themselves even further, are more powerful than you can imagine! If we fight, both sides will suffer! If you want to look for someone, could you at least negotiate with the duke of our country?
Jack: "Negotiate"? I refuse! Gifters, forward!
Gifters: Right!
Mink: What's with their-gara bodies?!
Sheepshead: Right!  Destroy this country, find the samurai!
Monjii: We have no choice. Everyone!  We fight!
Wanda: They refused to listen to reason, and so the battle began. The peaceful Kurau City... became a battlefield right then and there.
Robin: So that's why you moved to the Rightflank Fortress.
Wanda: That's right. Those who could move aided the ones who couldn't, and carried them here.
Usopp: Hey...  so in the end, you don't know why that Jack guy was  looking for the samurai, do you?
Wanda: No.  We also don't know how they-teia got to this island, or what made them think that the samurai was here.
Luffy: I bet the mammoth was huge!
Usopp: Don't be excited about it! Now isn't the time for that!
Luffy: Oh, it's a rope bridge!
Usopp: Hey, Luffy! What're you doing?!  Hey, stop!
Brook: We're going to fall!  We're going to fall!
Usopp: Hey, cut it out, idiot! Let go of the rope!
Luffy: Man, that was fun!
Straw Hats: No, it wasn't!
Wanda: Let's keep going. The Duke's sanatorium is just ahead.
Brook: Now that you've heard Wanda-san's story, you understand why "samurai" and  "Wano Country" are taboo, don't you?
Franky: Yeah.
Robin: What cruel people.
Brook: So if you use those words, you'll anger them and make them hate you.
Luffy: But really... The ninja Kin'emon was talkin' about ain't here? What a bummer!
Wanda: What?
Narrator: The Gifters, an unsettling group of Devil Fruit users, and the Musketeers, elite Mink troops,  are thrown into a deadly struggle. But just when it seems there's no way for them to fight the overwhelmingly strong Jack, the mightiest warrior of the Minks finally shows up!
