Narrator: The goals: the final island, Raftel... and the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece! However, no one has ever reached that legendary land... except for Gold Roger, the Pirate King. It is the Great Pirate Era. As the monsters of the New World fight fiercely amongst themselves, the Straw Hat Pirates are at the center of the storm. Their captain is a rubber man that ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit: Monkey D. Luffy! Zoro! Nami! Usopp! Sanji! Chopper! Robin! Franky! Brook! This tight-knit group of nine pirates make their way through the vast ocean... with their sights set on One Piece!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy's party arrived at Zou, where their new adventure is about to unfold. This island, large enough to pierce the clouds, is actually an elephant that's been alive for a millennium.
Wanda: Kurau City was at peace. People were living carefree lives, free to enjoy time with friends, love their families, and bask in the blessings of nature. But that all ended half a month ago.
Bariete: The gate has been broken down!  It's pirates! Kick 'em out!
Sheepshead: This man right here... is a right-hand man of the legendary Kaidou of the Four Emperors! One of his three elite lieutenants, the Disasters! Jack the Drought!
Jack: I only have one demand! Bring Raizou here!
Sheepshead: They're worthless!
Monjii: There are no weaklings in this country! All Minks are born as gifted fighters! If we fight, both sides will suffer! If you want to look for someone, could you at least negotiate with the duke of our country?
Jack: I refuse! Gifters, forward!
Gifters: Right!
Wanda: They refused to listen to reason, and so the battle began. The peaceful Kurau City... became a battlefield right then and there.
Brook: Now that you've heard Wanda-san's story, you understand why "samurai" and  "Wano Country" are taboo, don't you?
Franky: Yeah.
Brook: So if you use those words, you'll anger them and make them hate you.
Luffy: But really... The ninja Kin'emon was talkin' about ain't here? What a bummer!
Wanda: What?
Luffy: King of the Day Duke Inuarashi Appears!
Wanda: Ninja?
Brook: Bone-Bone Chop! Chop!  Chop!  Chop!
Wanda: By "ninja", do you mean a warrior from the Wano Country? You-teia, do you know something?
Nami: We're just teaching him a lesson about minkship! Don't mind us!
Usopp: Garchu!  Garchu!
Wanda: I'm pretty sure I just heard him say "ninja", though.
Brook: Oh no, no, he most certainly did not say anything of the sort! Ah, "injured"! He asked about the patient's injuries!
Wanda: "Injured"? Oh, I misheard him, then! You-teia people are so kind, caring about our Duke that much!
Brook: Of course we do!
Luffy: Nin... Ni...
Brook; Nami & Usopp: Garchu!
Luffy: Didn't hurt at all...
Usopp: Hey, are we almost at the patient's house?
Wanda: Yes, I see the Duke's sanatorium already. Thanks for coming along. I'll tell you the rest of the story later.
Musketeer: We're sorry, Sicilian-sama! Please forgive us! Sicilian-sama's on a rampage!
Franky: What's goin' on?
Wanda: Sicilian-dono!  What's the matter?!
Sicilian: Oh, Wanda! They-gara kept uttering sappy things, so... I plunged them into the abyss! Kindness! Love!  Romance!  Babies! Sugar!  Honey! Don't any of you dare mention anything sappy in my presence! Or else I'll rip out your throat! Now, get up here, and no helping each other!
Musketeer: He's strict, yet so cool! Come on, get up. This is Sicilian-dono's whip of love. I know.  This is his way of trying to train cowards like us. He's so kind!
Sicilian: What did you just say?! How dare you speak of sentimental crap like love or kindness... right after I told you not to?!
Musketeer: He's still... awesome...
Musketeers: We apologize! We'll never speak of sappy things again!
Sicilian: Very well, then!
Wanda: Sicilian-dono!
Sicilian: What?!
Wanda: They-teia are the Straw Hats.
Sicilian: I offer you my gratitude for saving my country! I am forever in your debt!
Wanda: Sicilian-dono puts his all into everything.
Luffy: Man, what an annoyin' lion.
Sicilian: Who among you-gara is captain?
Luffy: Me.
Sicilian: Oh, so you-gara are Nami and the others' captain! Splendid!  I've been wanting to meet you! Garchu! I thank you from the bottom of my heart!
Luffy: Ow, ow, ow, ow!  That's hot!
Sicilian: The duke is expecting you! Well, go on, then!  On the double!
Luffy: What's wrong with him?
Chopper: It's Luffy and the others!
Franky: Huge...
Wanda: Duke!  I'm glad you're okay!
Inuarashi: Wanda.  Sorry to make you worry. So you-gara all are the Straw Hats, then?
Luffy: Yup.
Inuarashi: You've saved us in so many ways. Thank you so much.
Luffy: I heard my crew saved you guys, but I ain't heard the whole story yet.
Inuarashi: Well, the rest of you-gara saved us too, Straw Hat Luffy-kun.
Luffy: Well, I bet you're pretty strong! Really strong!
Wanda: What?!  How rude! The Duke is our country's mightiest warrior!
Inuarashi: Hey, that's enough. That's not what you call a loser.
Wanda: But you're no loser! The enemy was definitely a thorn in our side, but we still had the upper hand!
Brook: He's drooling...
Wanda: I know how you feel!  He-teia is a savior as well!
Inuarashi: What a delicious-looking savior...
Wanda: You're not fully recovered yet, so... Later.
Brook: No!  Not now, not later!
Franky: Oh, c'mon!  A little won't hurt!
Brook: "A little" could be the end of me! You don't know how much I've been licked and chewed upon over the past few days!
Inuarashi: Well, let's not talk about the lost battle. That straw hat suits you-gara. A long time ago, I... Ah, who was it? That blasted cat...
Wanda: Master Nekomamushi, wasn't it?
Inuarashi: I once traveled across the seas with him. One of the Four Emperors, Shanks,  used to wear that sort of hat back then.
Luffy: You know Shanks, old man?!  Why?! I got this hat from him, an'... He fell asleep!
Wanda: It's already six o'clock.
Usopp: You mean it's only six!  He's not a kid!
Luffy: Hey, wake up! Tell me how you know Shanks! Hey!  Hey!
Chopper: Stop, Luffy!  He's still injured!
Wanda: Like I mentioned earlier, the Mokomo Dukedom has always been governed by two rulers. Duke Inuarashi is the official ruler, but... Master Nekomamushi, who has guarded the sacred Whale Forest for generations, possesses the same right.
Usopp: What's that got to do with him falling asleep, though?
Chopper: I told you to stop!
Wanda: They're... really not fond of each other. If they ever come face to face, they might try to kill each other.
Luffy: "Kill each other"?!
Usopp: Why?
Wanda: I don't know the reason for it. I heard they used to be best friends. Still, even if the two rulers fight, they're evenly matched. Since they're always at each other's throat, they refuse to see each other. So one of them follows the sun from six in the morning to six in the evening, and the other from six in the evening to six in the morning after the moon. That's how they split their waking hours.
Franky: They hate each other that much?
Usopp: Even the doctors fell asleep!
Wanda: Everyone in the fortress should be asleep by now.
Sicilian: I'm getting tired too.  Grr...
Franky: You!
Sicilian: I am Sicilian!  Always at full strength!
Franky: You ain't gotta yell!  I can hear ya!
Sicilian: The day-and-night shifts affect us too. The people of the city are active during the day. And the people of the forest... are nocturnal...
Usopp: He's putting his all...
Robin: ...Into sleeping.
Luffy: These guys are too funny!
Wanda: We've always lived with the custom of having two rulers. Even through the recent battle. The fight between us and Jack's crew  in Kurau City was intensifying.
Pleasure: Where's the samurai?! Hand over Raizou!
Mink: Get out of our country!
Jack: Find him! I know Raizou's in this country!
Pleasure: Spit it out!  Where's Raizou?! Find him!
Mink: Stop! Stop destroying our city! At this rate...
Sheepshead: Where's the samurai?!
Mink: I don't know!  I really don't know!
Sheepshead: Then die.
Mink: Here come the Musketeers! Thank goodness! Let them-gara handle things! Everyone else, fall back!
Musketeer: Keep collateral damage to a minimum! Disarm them!
Musketeers: Aye!
Wanda: Let's go!
Carrot: Okay! What's wrong with them-teia? That's so creepy!
Wanda: These are some bizarre warriors.
Musketeer: Are they an unknown race?!
Wanda: They-teia have strange abilities!
Musketeer: Watch out for the ones with black horns!
Gifter: Where's Raizou?!
Wanda: There's nobody with that name here!
Gifter: Wolf Grip!
Wanda: His hand turned into a wolf!
Gifter: Die!
Sicilian: Wanda! You-gara stay back!
Musketeer: Sicilian-dono! The Three Musketeers!
Sicilian: All available Musketeers, escort the citizens to the forest!
Musketeers: Aye, sir!
Musketeer: Alright!  Everyone, evacuate to the forest! Hurry up!  Hurry up!
Sicilian: I'll beat the hell out of them with my full strength.
Jack: Who are these guys?
Sicilian: Damn you, monster!
Mink: Duke Inuarashi! Duke! The Duke came to save us!
Wanda: Duke Inuarashi!
Inuarashi: You must be Jack, yes? Cease this destruction and violence at once!
Jack: You must be this country's ruler.
Narrator: Electric sparks fly. The Rain-Ruption pours down. While Duke Inuarashi and the Musketeers desperately wage a defensive war to stop Jack, the other ruler runs through the forest at dusk, roaring with anger!
