Narrator: The goals: the final island, Raftel... and the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece! However, no one has ever reached that legendary land... except for Gold Roger, the Pirate King. It is the Great Pirate Era. As the monsters of the New World fight fiercely amongst themselves, the Straw Hat Pirates are at the center of the storm. Their captain is a rubber man that ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit: Monkey D. Luffy! Zoro! Nami! Usopp! Sanji! Chopper! Robin! Franky! Brook! This tight-knit group of nine pirates make their way through the vast ocean... with their sights set on One Piece!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy's party arrived at Zou,  where their new adventure is about to unfold. This island, large enough to pierce the clouds, is actually an elephant that's been alive for a millennium.
Luffy: It's awesome! So this is the back of the elephant!
Narrator: Luffy's group met the Mink Tribe, then reunited with Nami and the rest of the crew at the Rightflank Fortress. From there, everyone was guided to the sanatorium, where Duke Inuarashi,  the Mokomo Kingdom's King of the Day, rests.
Wanda: Duke Inuarashi is the official ruler, but... Master Nekomamushi, who has guarded the sacred Whale Forest for generations, possesses the same right. They're... really not fond of each other. Since they're always at each other's throat,  they refuse to see each other. So one of them follows the sun from six in the morning to six in the evening, and the other from six in the evening to six in the morning after the moon. That's how they split their waking hours.
Sicilian: The day-and-night shifts affect us too. The people of the city are active during the day. And the people of the forest... are nocturnal...
Wanda: We've always lived with the custom of having two rulers. Even through the recent battle.
Sicilian: Damn you, monster!
Mink: Duke Inuarashi! Duke! The Duke came to save us!
Inuarashi: You must be Jack, yes? Cease this destruction and violence at once!
Jack: You must be this country's ruler.
Luffy: King of the Night Master Nekomamushi Emerges
Wanda: Duke!
Jack: So you are...
Inuarashi: Indeed.  I am ruler of the Mokomo Dukedom! Cease this destruction and violence at once! I swear to God, the person you-gara people seek isn't here! This is a pointless, senseless battle!
Sheepshead: You deaf or somethin', you dumb animal?! If you don't want us ta wreck yer country,  just give us the samurai already!
Sicilian: And how many times must we tell you-gara?! That person isn't here! Not here, not here, not here!
Sheepshead: And I'm tellin' ya ta search the country and bring 'im here!
Wanda: We can't do that!
Jack: Enough! Slaughter them all! Raze the entire country!
Sheepshead: Gotcha!
Sicilian: In that case, we'll fight back!
Inuarashi: Wait!
Mink: What will you do by yourself?
Sicilian: What's this?!
Musketeer: Duke!  Why would you drop your sword?!
Inuarashi: We will not resist you! You may search the  whole country - no, the entire island... for that samurai, at your leisure! So halt your destruction! This country has a rich heritage!
Jack: I refuse!
Mink: Duke, run! Duke!
Gifter: Way to go, Jack-sama!
Wanda: You insolent...  How dare you do that to the Duke!
Sicilian: Calm down, Wanda!
Wanda: Sicilian-dono...
Pleasure: Hey, hey!  What's goin' on with the dog?! He's still standin' after Jack-sama's attack!
Sicilian: That's Duke Inuarashi for you!
Pleasure: I didn't know there was someone that strong here! This isn't a fuzzy fairy tale land?!
Gifter: Screw you! Our boss, Jack-sama, is a great pirate.  Everyone in the New World knows him! The bounty on his head is... One billion beli! Just 'cause you're kinda strong don't mean you can push your luck!
Jack: This obnoxious fool sure loves to run his mouth...
Inuarashi: I implore you! You are falsely accusing us! We're not hiding the samurai!
Jack: I'll tell you this straight, then... We'll call off our attack  the minute we find the samurai. But if we don't find him, you're still guilty!
Inuarashi: That's completely insane!
Jack: One more thing. I like breaking things.
Inuarashi: This is quite the disaster! All we can do now is try and topple  the enemy leader and end this battle!
Gifters: Kill 'em all!
Sicilian: Let's go!
Inuarashi: He's a hard one to crack.
Jack: Didn't hurt. I'm gonna crush you!
Inuarashi: So that's how he broke open  the gate to Kurau City! I accept your challenge!
Usopp: Duke Inuarashi's pretty awesome!
Luffy: So the old man is strong!
Usopp: Even so, the bad guys gave even the mightiest warrior in this country and the Three Musketeers such a hard time...
Franky: "Jack the Drought"...  Guy sounds super dangerous.
Brook: He didn't listen to anything anyone tried to tell him. He sounds like a pain in the bones.
Usopp: He's got a billion beli bounty! That's twice Luffy's, you know! How strong is this Jack guy?!
Luffy: Don't matter! I'll kick his ass one of these days!
Zoro: So, how did the battle go?
Wanda: It kept getting worse and worse.
Jack: That won't work.
Gifter: Hyena Grip!
Musketeer: S-Sicilian-dono!
Sicilian: Leave this to us, the Three Musketeers!
Gifter Trio Guy: Forget you "Three Musketeers"! We, the Gifters Grip Trio will... ...tear you to shreds!
Sicilian: How dare you do that to our people! If it's a three-on-three battle, we, the Three Musketeers, will... Win, win, win!
Musketeer: That's our Sicilian-dono! He said "three-on-three", yet took them down single-handedly! So cool!
Wanda: Rain-Ruption incoming!
Sicilian: Musketeers, round up the Warneys!
Musketeers: Aye, sir!
Sheepshead: What the...
Ginrummy: Sheepshead-sama!  Look at that!
Sheepshead: Ah! Rain?  A huge wall of water  is coming right at us!
Inuarashi: He's steady as a rock, even in the Rain-Ruption.
Mink: Grab my hand!
Sicilian: The Blessed Rain! We can turn the tables now!
Sheepshead: How much rain does this country get?!
Pleasure: Don't let this scare you!
Sheepshead: Take their alligators!
Wanda: Thanks to the Rain-Ruption, we briefly gained the upper hand, but once the water drained away, they quickly overtook us again.
Inuarashi: Curse that monster!
Musketeer: That's Master Nekomamushi's roar!
Inuarashi: The Moron of the Night awakens. Musketeers, fall back!
Musketeer: We aren't fighting alongside them?
Inuarashi: No, we'll use the day-and-night shift to our advantage. We can stay on the offensive  without giving them pause.
Musketeer: I see!
Inuarashi: Jack! Don't think you-gara are the only stubborn man here! Wherever you go, you'll always find morons.
Nekomamushi: This is my country when the moon is up! No invader's gonna flee from me! Don't think yer gettin' outta here alive!
Pleasure: It's huge! Cat monster!
Pleasures: Jack-sama!
Guardian: Master, the city is...
Nekomamushi: You don't hafta tell me! I already heard about the goings-on. Yeh came in search of a warrior  from Wano Country, yeah? I ain't ever let no samurai set foot on this island! An' if they managed to get in, I'd be the first ta chomp 'em ta death! I'm Nekomamushi! The man that waits for the crack of dawn!
Pleasures: Jack-sama!
Nekomamushi: Th' ancient version  o' the Zou Zou Fruit, eh? A rare fruit, indyeed!
Jack: They've still got this many soldiers...
Pleasure: You guys're about to experience terror like you've never seen!
Nekomamushi: Ya shoulda fallen back while the dog was bein' nice to yas!
Guardian: Master!
Nekomamushi: We've got as many soldiers here as some o' the bigger countries!
Bepo: We're here, too!
Nekomamushi: Bepo! You-gara guys're still under my care! No obligation fer ya to fight!
Bepo: It's not gonna work that way, Master! I may've become a pirate, but this is still my home!
Penguin: And to us...
Shachi: ...it's our friend's home!
Nekomamushi: Don't speak as if yeh've got experience.
Jack: I'm destroying everything!
Nekomamushi: An' we're fightin' back!
Narrator: Jack, Inuarashi, and Nekomamushi display feral savagery beyond human understanding. When it seems like the Minks have seized upon a slim chance of winning after their deadly struggle, Jack gets tired of waiting, and puts a dreadful plan in motion!
