Narrator: The goals: the final island, Raftel... and the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece! However, no one has ever reached that legendary land... except for Gold Roger, the Pirate King. It is the Great Pirate Era. As the monsters of the New World fight fiercely amongst themselves, the Straw Hat Pirates are at the center of the storm. Their captain is a rubber man that ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit: Monkey D. Luffy! Zoro! Nami! Usopp! Sanji! Chopper! Robin! Franky! Brook! This tight-knit group of nine pirates make their way through the vast ocean... with their sights set on One Piece!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy's party arrived at Zou,  where their new adventure is about to unfold. This island, large enough to pierce the clouds,  is actually an elephant that's been alive for a millennium. It was there they met the Mink Tribe and reunited with Nami and the rest of the crew. The group visited Inuarashi, King of the Day of Mokomo Dukedom, at his sanatorium. There, they listened to the details of the battle that took place half a month ago... between the Minks and the Beast Pirates led by Jack, subordinate to the Emperor, Kaidou.
Inuarashi: The Moron of the Night awakens. Musketeers, fall back!
Musketeer: We aren't fighting alongside them?
Inuarashi: No, we'll use the day-and-night shift to our advantage. We can stay on the offensive  without giving them pause. Jack! Don't think you-gara are the only stubborn man here!
Nekomamushi: This is my country when the moon is up! Yeh came in search of a warrior  from Wano Country, yeah? I ain't ever let no samurai set foot on this island! An' if they managed to get in, I'd be the first ta chomp 'em ta death! I'm Nekomamushi! The man that waits for the crack of dawn! Ya shoulda fallen back while the dog was bein' nice to yas!
Guardian: Master!
Luffy: The Ruined Capital Arrival of the Swirly Hats!
Wanda: Day and night, the battle raged on for five days, with neither side stopping.
Nekomamushi: You-gara! How're ya able to guard against my spear like that? Ain't a single person 'round who's done that,  not even in this country!
Jack: Just die, cat monster!
Nekomamushi: Gotcha! Thought I'd be finishin' ya off right quick,  but yer pretty tough yerself. Whuzzat all 'bout, hmm? You tryin' to make a fool outta me?! I'm gonna kill you-gara!
Jack: I'd like to see you try.
Pedro: It's already morning!
Jack: What now?  Are you guys switching again?
Nekomamushi: I'd love to chomp ya to death,  but that'll hafta wait 'til tonight! Don't let the dog get'cha! Hey, Bepo!  We're leavin'!
Bepo: Eh?  Master, I still wanna...
Nekomamushi: Shaddap!  Get goin'!
Guardians: Master!
Gifters: You ain't gettin' away, you bastards!
Inuarashi: Still haven't given up yet, Jack?
Gifter: Jack-sama, I'll handle him! No, I'm gonna! No, let me!
Sicilian: Duke!  Allow us to handle the peons!
Inuarashi: Because of you-gara people, I have to endure that moronic cat's smell!
Wanda: We rotated out our fighters by day and night, and continued fighting for two,  then three, then four days, and so on. But Jack's reinforcements at sea kept flowing in,  and we could barely fend them off. It was like fighting endless waves of zombies. Still, we were steadily overwhelming the enemy! I can tell you that there was only one  we couldn't bring down, and that was... Jack! He's a bona-fide monster.
Usopp: He's that strong?
Wanda: He is.
Luffy: Hmm... The guy that even this old man here couldn't beat is one of Kaidou's men... That's crazy.
Wanda: Despite that, the enemy was having a hard time too. I think Jack grew tired of fighting the two obstinate rulers, so he finally unleashed a weapon on the fifth day. It was... Poison gas.
Luffy: Gas?
Chopper: That's right, Luffy. This country was ruined by Caesar's poison gas!
Robin: So, Caesar created the weapon, then Doflamingo trafficked it... And finally, it made its way to Kaidou, correct?
Luffy: Caesar!
Wanda: It all happened so quickly. The deadly gas was filling the whole country at explosive speed. There was no escape.
Usopp: That's horrible...
Luffy: The strong old man... He musta been frustrated.
Wanda: The gas filled the whole city and half of the forest, completely paralyzing us. Save for the people that evacuated to  the rear of the fortress, nearly everyone was wiped out! I don't even want to remember... what happened after that!
Pleasure: Answer the question! Where's the Wano Country warrior?
Mink: He's not here!
Wanda: They kept asking questions they knew the answers to! Then they brutalized our soldiers and ruined our country! We heard the cries and screams of  our people throughout the country...
Nami: Wanda...
Chopper: Are you okay?
Wanda: Yes, I am. Then they sought out Master Nekomamushi and the Guardians, who were paralyzed by the gas... ...and did the same to them. But when they saw they weren't getting anywhere... ...the strongest among us were crucified and tortured.
Pleasure: Where's the Wano Country warrior?!
Sicilian: I don't know!
BB: We aren't hiding anyone like that!
Inuarashi: Please, stop this... No one in this country knows anything of them. We would die for nothing. Have mercy!
Nekomamushi: I ain't lettin' ya off even if I die, Jack! I'll hold a cat-grudge an' curse ya 'til the day ya die!
Wanda: Those tragic events lasted an entire day,  and on the sixth day... Maybe it was because he was satisfied with the destruction he caused, or maybe he grew tired of hearing the same answer... Whatever the reason, Jack left a few dozen of his men behind and departed from the island.
Usopp: That's too cruel!
Franky: There's no bright side to this story, huh.
Inuarashi: No, that was when we were saved.
Luffy: Whoa, you were up?!
Inuarashi: I realized that when I read Jack's obituary in the newspaper.
Luffy: Oh, so this's Jack.
Usopp: He really does look ridiculously strong!
Chopper: We can rest easy as long as he's really dead, though.
Inuarashi: The day you-gara people took down Doflamingo, Jack left this country. He left here to go save Doflamingo. I suppose they had some deep ties. In other words, it was you-gara folks  who drove that monster out of this country.
Chopper; Luffy & Usopp: He fell asleep again!
Wanda: I see... Given all that, I'm even more grateful,  and feel it was truly a miracle! The reason we're still alive now... is you-teia guys!
Nami: Oh, come now!
Chopper: We arrived here the very next day after Jack left.
Sanji: Is that...
Swirly Hats: ...Zou?!
Caesar: Just letting you know, I don't like the idea of landing here! Hey. Why, you!
Sanji: Shut up, keep going!
Caesar: Damn it all! I'll get even with you jerks!
Sanji: What's all this...
Nami: Sanji-kun! The gate...
Brook: It looks as though it was breached with tremendous force.
Sanji: There was obviously an invasion here.
Momonosuke: A-An invasion?! There are enemies here?!
Sanji: Brook, stay here and look after Nami-san. I'll go check inside.
Brook: Easily done!
Momonosuke: I-I shall look after Onami as well!
Sanji: Chopper, Caesar!  Let's go!
Caesar: Why must I-
Chopper: Shaddap, get moving!
Brook: Take care!
Nami: Come back soon!
Sanji: I can't believe there's a forest on an elephant's back. What's wrong?
Chopper: For some reason, I've got a bad feeling.
Sanji: Yeah? Makes two of us.
Brook: This really is elephant's skin! It's so flabby!
Nami: The whole place looks abandoned. There's no guards, no gatekeepers.   What happened?
Tristan: Somebody, help me!
Nami: Wh-What?! Did that girl just talk?! What's going on?! That's definitely gotta be a bad guy! Then that means... she's the victim! This way!
Ginrummy: Wait for us, little squirrel!
Sheepshead: We just wanna crucify you an' ask ya a few questions! Wh-Who're you guys?!
Nami: Brook!  Take care of them!
Brook: Certainly.
Sheepshead: Bones?
Ginrummy: It is all bones, isn't it...
Sheepshead: What the hell are you?!
Ginrummy: It's all bones! Can't you see that, Sheepshead-sama?!
Sheepshead: Shut it!   Whatever it is, I'm wipin' it out if it gets in my way! Go!
Brook: Soul Parade... Ice Burn!
Nami: Yes!
Momonosuke: Awesome, Sir Bones!
Nami: Thank you, Brook!
Tristan: A talking skeleton and eel...  This is scary!
Nami: W-Wait!  Hey, you! What's happening on this island?!
Brook: Perhaps she doesn't like us?
Nami: Let's go after her!
Brook: Okay.
Momonosuke: Wait for me!
Ginrummy: Sheepshead-sama, you idiot!
Sheepshead: Damn those...  After them!
Chopper: What's going on here?!
Sanji: There's gas everywhere.
Chopper: Are those all animals on the ground?
Caesar: Idiot! They're the Mink Tribe! You don't know that?
Sanji: Anyway, let's go back to the forest for now! The gas'll just kill us!
Pedro: Hey, you-gara people...
Chopper: He's alive! Huh, a talking animal?!
Sanji: You're one, too.
Caesar: Tsk!  Seems like they're still alive...
Pedro: You're not their-gara allies, are you? I'm Pedro...  Will you help me? Please... Duke Inuarashi and Master Nekomamushi need to be treated as soon as possible! Otherwise, both of them will die... The world... is waiting! Those two men... must not... must not... be left to die!
Narrator: Time is short for the wounded and fallen Minks as they hover between life and death, fearing for their lives. However, Chopper and the others rise to the occasion in order to save everyone. At a critical moment when the outcome is uncertain, the Swirly Hats take bold, compassionate action!
