Narrator: The goals: the final island, Raftel... and the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece! However, no one has ever reached that legendary land... except for Gold Roger, the Pirate King. It is the Great Pirate Era. As the monsters of the New World fight fiercely amongst themselves, the Straw Hat Pirates are at the center of the storm. Their captain is a rubber man that ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit: Monkey D. Luffy! Zoro! Nami! Usopp! Sanji! Chopper! Robin! Franky! Brook! This tight-knit group of nine pirates make their way through the vast ocean... with their sights set on One Piece!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy's party arrived at Zou,  where their new adventure is about to unfold. This island, large enough to pierce the clouds,  is actually an elephant that's been alive for a millennium. The group visited Inuarashi, King of the Day of Mokomo Dukedom, at his sanatorium. There, they listened to the details of the battle that took place half a month ago... between the Minks and the Beast Pirates led by Jack, subordinate to the Emperor, Kaidou. Finally, on the fifth day of battle... Jack released poison gas. The gas quickly filled the country,  and one after the other, the Minks fell.
Chopper: What's going on here?!
Sanji: Anyway, let's go back to the forest for now! The gas'll just kill us!
Luffy: The Limit Draws Near The Bond Between the Mink Tribe and the Crew!
Chopper: As soon as we saw that nightmare... we wanted to do something for them right away, but the gas was still there, and we would've been putting ourselves in danger too. That's why we left the city temporarily.
Luffy: I see.
Sanji: I seriously can't believe this! The whole country's been wiped out by the poison gas! Chopper, is there anything we can do?
Chopper: Judging by the smell of the gas, it definitely has a nerve agent as an ingredient, along with some other odors I don't recognize.
Caesar: Seeing its power in action gave me the chills!
Chopper: What's so funny?!
Caesar: The name of that gas is "Koro"! It's a weapon of mass destruction I invented!
Sanji: What did you just say?
Caesar: I'm telling you, I made that gas- Huh?!  Why am I to blame?! I'm not the one who used it!
Sanji: This guy is complete scum.
Chopper: If you hadn't made it, no one would've fallen victim to it! You can neutralize it with your ability, can't you?! Do it, now! After that, you're making an antidote! There's still time! This gas works quite slowly, doesn't it?!
Caesar: I designed it quite deliberately to work that way.
Chopper: How long will it take for them to die after exposure?
Caesar: 48 hours, perhaps?
Chopper: 48 hours?!
Caesar: Considering how much has already cleared away, I estimate more than a day has passed- Not again! Hey, hey!   Don't just assume the underdogs are the good guys!
Chopper: What?
Caesar: The Mink Tribe is known for their dislike of humans and their battle prowess! Leave them alone, it's for your own good! They'll eat us alive the minute we save them!
Sanji: "Eat us alive"?
Luffy: That gas guy pisses me off!
Franky: And he was intoxicated by its success.
Usopp: His character really shines through in how the gas works. Taking two days to kill people  little by little sounds really awful!
Robin: What happened after that?
Chopper: Well...
Caesar: We should have waited patiently on the ship. You're pretty stupid to be rushing ahead like this!
Sanji: Shut up and do what I tell you! You gonna do it?! Or would you rather I crush your heart?!
Caesar: Fine! I won't forget this...
Chopper: It was the right call to come ashore! We can still save them! We need your help!
Caesar: In that case, why don't you treat me more nicely...
Sanji: You say something?!
Caesar: Stop threatening me with that!
Chopper: Hurry up, Caesar! If they die because of you, I'll make you pay for it! We need your help!
Sanji: What the?
Chopper: What's going on? I'm losing my power! Ugh, salty...  It's seawater!
Sanji: Chopper!
Chopper: Thank you, Sanji.
Caesar: I'd like to be saved a bit more gently, if you don't mind.
Sanji: Don't complain after I just saved you! That's Nami-san's voice! Listen up, Caesar! Clear your poison gas outta the city before I come back!
Caesar: What?!
Sanji: Or else I'm gonna crush your heart here in my fist and-
Caesar: Fine, I get it, you demon!
Chopper: Sanji, leave him to me.
Sanji: Sure, thanks! There she is! Brook! Keep stalling him! Diable Mouton... Shot!
Ginrummy: Sheepshead-sama! You lot there!  Retreat! Sheepshead-sama has been done in!
Pleasures: What?!
Pleasure: But we haven't found the samurai yet!
Ginrummy: We've cornered them this far, and he still hasn't shown himself! "The samurai's not here."  Tell him exactly that!
Pleasures: Yes, ma'am!
Chopper: Do it.  Neutralize the gas!
Caesar: How annoying...   Alright, fine, I'm doing it. Happy now?! Koro-neutralizing gas! So unlike me! Note: 'Roko' is reverse of 'Koro.' Roko!
Chopper: Okay, we're good! Hey, guys! Get over here right now!
Momonosuke: That be Chop'emon, in the lower forest!
Sanji: Then let's move out!  There's no time to lose!
Brook: Th-This is terrible!
Nami: Were they all hit by Caesar's weapon?
Sanji: Yeah.  Most of the country's been wiped out. It must've been the work of those jerks we met earlier.
Nami: You mean the people who just attacked us?
Sanji: Caesar may have managed to neutralize the gas, but the damage is done. There's a chance a bunch of them are still hiding somewhere on the island, though.
Momonosuke: Are you certain?
Sanji: I said there was a chance. According to that gas bastard, the Mink Tribe is a savage race. We might end up regretting that we saved them, but still...
Wanda: Are you-teia guys Jack's allies too?!
Sanji: Nami-san!
Momonosuke: Onami!
Nami: Wait!  I'll be fine! She's weakened by the poison!
Sanji: Nami-san, she's got explosives!
Wanda: I'll never forgive you-teia people!  Never! What did we ever do to you?! What do you gain from killing us?! The person you-teia  are looking for isn't here! The history of this country goes back a thousand years! How much of it must you destroy before you've had your fill?!
Tristan: Wanda-san! Those-teia people saved me!
Wanda: Tristan!
Tristan: All of Jack's subordinates just left the island!
Wanda: Huh?  "Left"? They-teia did? Pedro!
Pedro: Wanda... They-gara have nothing to do with Jack. Just now, the city's been cleared of the poison gas... ...thanks to their-gara magic.
Wanda: Now that you mention it, the gas is gone. Just who... are you-teia people?
Chopper: What are you guys doing?!
Nami: Chopper!
Chopper: More than a day has passed since the gas was released! Anyone that's been poisoned has to be given the antidote within 48 hours, or it'll be too late for them!
Brook: And all that is...
Chopper: I'm making the antidote right now! If we're gonna save the whole country, we don't have a second to lose! Where's the hospital? I need more tools, and medicine! Bring everybody here that can help! I'm a doctor!  Please do as I say!
Tristan: I'm a nurse!  I'll gladly help out!
Chopper: Yeah, thanks!
Wanda: You're going to save us? I thought we were all going to die...  All of us!
Nami: We won't leave anyone to die!
Chopper: You're helping too!
Caesar: Tsk.  Fine, I understand.
Chopper: It was a race against time from there.
Caesar: You're telling me we're making the antidote with these?!
Chopper: Yes, we are! Where are your doctors?
Tristan: They're taking shelter in the fortress.
Nami: "Fortress"?
Wanda: Most of our citizens are taking shelter at the Rightflank Fortress in the forest.
Chopper: Bring everyone here now, please! I need their help with carrying the injured to the open space here!
Wanda: Tristan, I'm alright. The gas was flowing into the forest too. We need all the help we can get.
Tristan: Got it, I'll go get them! Be back soon!
Chopper: When we've created the antidote, we'll administer it to everyone!
Sanji: Cool!
Brook: Let's do it.
Nami: We'll start treating those we can!
Chopper: Yeah, thanks!  Let's get started!
Tristan: This way!  Hurry up!
Doctor Zebra: Wh-What the...
Doctor Tanuki: Th-This is... horrible...
Nami: Nice! Hey!  The antidote will be ready soon! Please, help us out!
Chopper: Will this work?
Caesar: I made it.  Of course it'll work!
Chopper: Okay, we need enough for all of the victims! Keep making more!
Caesar: For everyone?!
Chopper: Right. You'll be alright. It'll take effect soon.
Wanda: Thank you.
Brook: Worry not, they're fine!
Nami: There, you're okay now!
Penguin & Shachi: Yeah!
Wanda: Let me help too!
Nami: Should you even be moving? You ought to keep resting...
Wanda: No, I'm feeling much better. And this is our country!
Nami: You've gotta pull yourself together!
Sanji: Okay, everybody! I whipped up a little food for you! Eat up, it'll give you strength! How is it?  Pretty damn good, yeah?
Pedro: Yeah, thank you. It's warming up my entire body.
Sanji: Want some more?
Pedro: No, I'm fine. Let everyone else have more.
Sanji: Come now...  there's way more where that came from. Eat 'til you burst!
Brook: And now, everyone! I shall play for you some soothing music.
Wanda: You didn't even know who we were! But you saved us all! We'll never forget what you did for us! We'll repay our debt to you someday!
Nami: No, no!  You don't have to do that!
Franky: You guys did something great! I'm so prouda you!
Usopp: I can't believe things were that serious... Now I understand why we got such a warm welcome.
Luffy: Still, that Jack makes me mad! I'm gonna kick his and Kaidou's butts someday!
Brook: But he said there was an obituary...
Luffy: Oh yeah! Damn, so I can't kick his butt!
Wanda: About that, I find it hard to believe having seen the man in action.
Franky: You mean he's alive?
Wanda: I don't know.
Chopper: Guys, will you stay here and talk?
Usopp: You got somewhere to go, Chopper?
Chopper: It's nighttime, so I'm gonna check up on their King of the Night, Nekomamushi, and the Guardians of the Whale Forest.
Wanda: Oh, let's take my Warney there.
Robin: Come to think of it, Wanda, isn't it time for you to sleep too?
Wanda: I work as a Kingsbird.
Robin: A "Kingsbird"?
Wanda: Yes, we serve as the kings' aides, and it's the only office permitted to go back and forth between them, whether during the day or at night.
Usopp: Wow, that's an important job!
Wanda: I have to report that Duke Inuarashi is doing well. Though he'll probably say it's unnecessary.
Chopper: Well, I'm off!
Luffy: I'm going with you! I wanna see this Nekomamushi guy!
Brook: Master Nekomamushi!  I quite like him! I'll come with you!
Usopp: We'll come too!
Franky: This "King of the Night" has me curious!
Robin: Chopper said he's heavily injured, though...
Chopper: Well, he has amazing recuperative powers. And he's big, just like Inuarashi!
Nami: Is it really okay if we tag along?
Wanda: Yes, you're welcome to. I'm sure Master Nekomamushi will be happy to see our saviors.
Brook: Well, if you're sure it's alright, then...
Luffy: Okay!  Let's go meet Master Nekomamushi!
Narrator: Sanji's party saves the imperiled Minks, only to face another crisis. Pekoms seethes with anger upon seeing his hometown destroyed, while Bege devotes himself solely  toward fulfilling his duty. It's an explosive situation... when the intense face-off against  the Big Mom Pirates begins!
