Narrator: The goals: the final island, Raftel... and the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece! However, no one has ever reached that legendary land... except for Gold Roger, the Pirate King. It is the Great Pirate Era. As the monsters of the New World fight fiercely amongst themselves, the Straw Hat Pirates are at the center of the storm. Their captain is a rubber man that ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit: Monkey D. Luffy! Zoro! Nami! Usopp! Sanji! Chopper! Robin! Franky! Brook! This tight-knit group of nine pirates make their way through the vast ocean... with their sights set on One Piece!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy's party arrived at Zou,  where their new adventure is about to unfold. This island, large enough to pierce the clouds,  is actually an elephant that's been alive for a millennium. They met the residents of the island, the Mink Tribe,  and later reunited with Nami and the rest of their crew. The group visited Inuarashi, King of the Day  of the Mokomo Dukedom, at his sanatorium. There, they listened to the details of the battle that took place half a month ago... between the Minks and the Beast Pirates led by Jack, subordinate to the Emperor Kaidou. Sanji and his group arrived at Zou the very next day after Jack left. They found the Mink Tribe unconscious from the gas, and started working to save their lives.
Caesar: Ro... ko!
Wanda: Pedro!
Pedro: Wanda...   They-gara have nothing to do with Jack. The city's just been cleared of the poison gas... thanks to their-gara magic.
Chopper: It's nighttime, so I'm gonna check up on their King of the Night, Nekomamushi, and the Guardians of the Whale Forest.
Luffy: Okay!  Let's go meet Master Nekomamushi! The Delinquent Comes Home Emperor Big Mom's Assassins
Wanda: It's a full moon tonight, but I'm glad that it's covered by the clouds.
Musketeers: Be careful!
Zoro: Okay!
Usopp: Thanks for giving us a ride, Carrot.
Carrot: It's fine.  I'm a Kingsbird, too.
Luffy: Anyway, Wanda, you were sayin'...
Zoro: Yeah, Swirly Brows and Gassy were both still there.
Wanda: Well...
Brook: Allow me to tell you what became of them. To be frank, we haven't told many of the country's residents about this. We didn't wish to cause more worry to the people whose country was just laid to waste. It was a major event that  took place in secret, just two days ago. Please prepare yourselves for what you're about to hear. Sanji-san may very well... not be returning to us.
Luffy: What?!
Usopp: Hey now, hey now...
Luffy: Why, Brook?! He said in his note, "I'll be back"!
Nami: I told you already, it's more complicated than that!
Luffy: He's gonna come back!  I trust Sanji!
Nami: Guess it was a mistake to show them this first, after all...
Zoro: I feel better not havin' that annoyin',  crappy cook around, so it's fine by me.
Luffy: I ain't havin' that!  Sanji's our friend!
Brook: Now, now, please calm down, Luffy-san. I'll explain what happened from the beginning. This island, Zou, is also known as the Phantom Island. Because the island itself is a living thing, you can't reach it using a Log Pose, or by any standard method.  However... we made a blunder, and overlooked something critical. First of all, back then...
Luffy: You go ahead and sail for Zou!
Brook: ...we gave away our destination to  the enemy ship we had just shaken off. Second, someone from the Phantom Island  was aboard their ship. So, the people who showed up in front of us two days ago were... none other than Emperor Big Mom's pirate crew!
Pekoms: We've arrived. Yeah, no problem.  You can count on us, Mama. The two of us'll wrap this up. Zou's my homeland, grr! What? Y-You gotta be kidding... What the hell...  Hey! Where is everybody?!
Bege: So this is the Phantom Island, Zou...
Pekoms: What happened, grr?! Who did this to Zou?! Hey, is somebody... is anybody here?! Where did everybody go?! Did the Straw Hats do this?! What did they do to my home?!
Sanji: Alright, all done! Take these to everyone.
Mink: L-L-Looks tasty!
Sanji: I whipped up a special batch for you two.
Minks: Really?!  Oh, yeah!
Sanji: Well, then... Let's go say hi to everyone! Garchu!
Mink: Sanji's cooking is seriously good!
Tristan: Your meals have the perfect balance of nutrition, so be sure to finish everything up!
Mink: I want seconds! Seconds, please!
Miyagi: Alright, let's see your arm.
Mink: Okay.
Miyagi: Dr. Chopper made this injectable drug. You'll be better in no time.
Mink: Thanks.
Brook: Tonguey, tonguey, bleah! Though I do not have a tongue!
Chopper: Okay, all done!  Good boy!
Mink: Thank you, Dr. Chopper!
Miyagi: Well, then!  On to the next patient.
Tristan: Dr. Miyagi!  You're hopping too much!
Wanda: This is a residential quarter where our ancestors once lived. Zunisha has carried the entire history of the Mink Tribe on her back since the beginning. And one Mink Tribe tradition that goes back almost to our beginning is... exchanging clothes with foreigners, as a sign of friendship!
Nami: Oh, this is beautiful! It's like a dress for somebody important! Yes, and that accessory is a national treasure. What, you're giving it to me?!
Wanda: Of course!  Everyone agreed on it.
Sanji: Garchu!  Garchu-chu! Mademoiselle, garchu.
Minkmoiselle: Garchu.
Sanji: How do you do?!  Garchu.
Minkmoiselle: Garchu.
Sanji: Tristan-chan! Garchu!
Tristan: Garchu! Sanji-san, you sure enjoy greeting everyone.
Sanji: What is "garchu"? Is it some miraculous magic word or something?
Minksieurs: Sanji!   From us to you, our great savior, garchu!
Sanji: Shaddap!  Men need not apply!
Minkmoiselle: Oh, if it isn't Sanji-san!  Garchu!
Sanji: Garchu!  Garchu!
Minksieur: Not fair... Lesser Minks sure are nice to girls, huh?
Sanji: Oh, man!  Viva minkship! A goddess?! No... Nami-swan! Garchu-
Chopper: Where's Momo been?
Brook: He's still locked away in his room. I suppose he feels more comfortable that way. Plus, it's better we not let  the Minks see his human form.
Chopper: You're right.
Brook: We ought not mention the word "samurai" while we're in this country, either.
Caesar: Just hand over that annoying brat to the Minks and let's leave this crappy country already!
Chopper: Shaddap! Hey, Caesar, you making the medicine?
Caesar: I met my quota because I'm a genius.
Chopper: Keep going!  And no slacking!
Brook: There are still so many injured people! Get to work!
Caesar: Why the hell should I bother-
Minkmoiselle: Dr. Caesar, I came to pick up the medicine.
Caesar: Hey, don't mistake me for him! I'm Cedar the pharmacist! Here. Damn it all... why am I making drugs to save people?!
Minkmoiselle: Thank you, Dr. Caesar!
Caesar: It's Cedar! Honestly, this work disgraces my name, "Caesar, the Genius Mad Scientist"!
Minkmoiselle: Oh, yes...
Caesar: It's Cedar!
Minkmoiselle: Baron Corpse, your fans are waiting for you outside.
Brook: Erk!
Mink: Where's Baron Corpse?! Lemme garchu him! Gimme them bones to chew!
Brook: I could live without being popular among dogs...
Musketeer: Somebody's coming. Are they the remnants of the Beast Pirates?
Pekoms: Wait!  It's me, grr!
Musketeer: You-gara are... Pekoms!
Pekoms: Hey, you're all banged up! What happened to you, grr?!
Musketeer: Well, uh, it's...
Pekoms: Did the Straw Hats do this?!
Musketeer: Huh?!
Pekoms: Where're those jerks at?! I'll get back at 'em for ya!
Musketeer: Hey, what are you talkin-
Pekoms: Those unforgivable rat bastards... Straw Hats! I ain't lettin' 'em off! Where are the Straw Hats?! They'll pay for this!  Where are they?! Tell me!
Musketeer: J-Just wait a minute! Calm down, Pekoms!
Pekoms: Shut it!  Get off o' me!
Musketeer: Wait!  All of our friends are okay! They're in the fortress! The Straw Hats saved us!
Pekoms: Huh? What'd you say?
Mink: Pekoms! It's you, Pekoms! You're back home! Pekoms!
Pekoms: So you guys are okay! Dad!  Mom! All my relatives and friends!
Mink: Welcome home! How long has it been? This takes me back! Yeah!  I'm happy to see you're doing well!  Garchu!
Pekoms: You dumb jerk!  You're covered in cuts and bruises! Don't tell me you're happy! When I saw the city, I thought my heart would stop! Hey, you're hurting me! Garchu!
Mink: It's all thanks to the Straw Hats! If they weren't so desperate to rescue us, I don't know what would've become of us.
Pekoms: Really, dank you fuh dayin' aliv...
Mink: Hey, hey now, don't cry!
Nami: What's... It's those guys! Hey, look!
Pekoms: Damn him!  I won't forgive Jack of the Beast Pirates! How dare he do this to my home! Still, I'm glad everyone's okay!
Nami: Look!  It's those guys from the Big Mom Pirates! They made it all the way here!
Wanda: That's Pekoms!  So he came home, then. He used to be an infamous delinquent.
Sanji: Oh, so he's a Mink too.
Caesar: They must have heard we were headed here! They're after me! Hey, I'm begging you...  Don't hand me over to them!
Sanji: You were our ace in the hole against Doflamingo. Now that Luffy and the rest of the guys took him out,  we couldn't care less what happens to you.
Caesar: Don't say such a thing!  We're buddies!
Sanji: Since when? You were whining about  something at Dress Rosa. What did you do to Big Mom?
Caesar: Oh, yes, that!  Hear me out! I got an offer to research something for which I haven't yet proven success, so I lied to her and completely ripped her off! I had Doflamingo backing me up so I pushed my luck!
Sanji: So you were asking for it, then. I just hope Caesar's all they want.
Caesar: Eh?!
Big Mom: Monkey D. Luffy... I'll remember you. Come, then!  To the New World!
Luffy: Sure.  Wait for me. I got somethin' to settle with ya, too. You're too dangerous to be trusted! I'll kick yer ass in the New World... and make Fishman Island my turf!
Sanji: Luffy picked a fight with Big Mom at Fishman Island.
Chopper: We busted their ship, too.
Brook: A life of being targeted by an Emperor... We're as good as dead, aren't we? Well, I'm already dead, though.
Nami: What do we do, Sanji-kun?
Caesar: Hey, Black Leg... Want to team up with me and take them out? Just think about it! They may be from the Big Mom Pirate Crew, but there's only the two of them! If it's just them, you and I can handle them together! Let's use my poison gas again, and then...
Sanji: Nami-san and everyone else stays here.
Nami: 'Kay.
Sanji: Brook, you're with me.
Brook: Right.
Caesar: Hey, Black Leg! Why not simply assassinate them?
Sanji: Shut it, you short-sighted idiot.
Usopp: So the Big Mom Pirates were here in Zou too!
Franky: An' before that, Kaidou's Beast Pirates. Both of 'em Emperors.
Luffy: So'd Sanji get into a fight  with that Peko-whosit guy? And 'course he won, yeah?
Usopp: Don't set him up for a fight with an Emperor!
Luffy: Ain't a problem! I already picked a fight with her!
Brook: Sanji-san is truly kind. He took the two of them  out of the Rightflank Fortress to a distant forest.
Sanji: What do the Big Mom Pirates want? Don't cause trouble. Right now, the people of  this country're hurting, inside and out. If you got something to talk about,  you can talk to me first. If that ain't good enough, then I'm afraid we gotta take it out of the country. We're not gonna run or hide.
Pekoms: All I can say is "thank you", grr!
Sanji: H-Hey...
Pekoms: I didn't expect to see  my home country devastated like this... But you guys saved my people, didn't ya?! I owe ya, big time! How can I even repay you... On Mama's orders,  we have business other than capturing Caesar. It could spell doom for your pirate group.
Brook: Doom?
Pekoms: Let's just forget it!  Our mission's a bust! Just give us Caesar! I'll just tell Mom that the Straw Hats got away from us!
Bege: Pekoms, ya lost your mind?! Don't let your feelings get in the way of the mission!
Pekoms: Shut up, newbie!  I'll accept punishment! They saved the lives of my family and friends. I can't bring myself to do anything...
Bege: Coward!
Narrator: The Rookie, "Gang" Bege,  holds the key to Sanji's disappearance. As the Swirly Hats find themselves trapped... due to the frightful power of the Shiro Shiro Fruit, Sanji receives a terrifying letter from Emperor Big Mom!
