Narrator: The goals: the final island, Raftel... and the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece! However, no one has ever reached that legendary land... except for Gold Roger, the Pirate King. It is the Great Pirate Era. As the monsters of the New World fight fiercely amongst themselves, the Straw Hat Pirates are at the center of the storm. Their captain is a rubber man that ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit: Monkey D. Luffy! Zoro! Nami! Usopp! Sanji! Chopper! Robin! Franky! Brook! This tight-knit group of nine pirates... make their way through the vast ocean... with their sights set on One Piece!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy's party arrived at Zou,  where their new adventure is about to unfold. This island, large enough to pierce the clouds,  is actually an elephant that's been alive for a millennium. It was there that they met the Mink Tribe, and as they headed toward Master Nekomamushi in the Whale Forest, they listened to what happened to Sanji.
Pekoms: On Mama's orders,  we have business other than capturing Caesar. It could spell doom for your pirate group.
Brook: Doom?
Pekoms: Let's just forget it!   Our mission's a bust!  Just give us Caesar! I'll just tell Mom that the Straw Hats got away from us!
Bege: Pekoms, ya lost your mind?! Don't let your feelings get in the way of the mission!
Pekoms: Shut up, newbie!  I'll accept punishment! They saved the lives of my family and friends. I can't bring myself to do anything...
Bege: Coward!
Pekoms: You... bastard...
Luffy: The Truth Behind His Disappearance Sanji's Startling Invitation
Sanji: He shot his ally in the back!
Brook: Absolutely dreadful! What was that I just saw?
Bege: Hard as it is to believe, the skipper's a pretty infamous pirate. However, when he chose to act on those pathetic feelings o' his, he turned into a complete coward. Ain't no need for him anymore. Gotta do things myself! Alright, boys!  Yer up! C'mon out!
Brook: Eh?!  Humans?!
Sanji: What the hell?!
Bege: Give up!  Yer outnumbered!
Sanji: Did people come out of his stomach? What the hell kinda ability does he have?!
Brook: I thought I saw humans in his hand,  and it wasn't an illusion!
Bege: Shiro: Castle I ate the Shiro Shiro Fruit  and turned into a castleman. I'm said ta be of the same generation as yer captain,   so surely you've heard o' me.
Sanji: Capone "Gang" Bege! When Luffy punched the Celestial Dragon at Sabaody... You were there, weren't you?!
Bege: Yeah, we was forced to waste  a ton o' effort 'cause of you guys. We coulda blown you guys ta kingdom come with our cannons too. But we're not gonna make a scene here.   We don't want that, same as you. If the Minks were ta come by, they'd definitely take your side. I know how well they can fight.
Sanji: We wouldn't ask for their help in the first place! Pick a fight with me, and you've got one!
Brook: Sanji-san!
Sanji: It's come to this...  We gotta stop 'em here!
Brook: Agreed!  Pekoms-san was trying to settle this peacefully, but he shot him, just like that! In the back, no less! I shall not forgive him, either!
Bege: Knew you'd do somethin' like that. Vito!
Nami: No! Let go of me!
Sanji: Nami-san!
Brook: Chopper-san!
Nami: I-I'm sorry!  We were worried, so...
Chopper: I'm sorry!  I thought there were only two bad guys!
Bege: Caesar!  C'mon out! Ya got two seconds, or else we're firin' shotguns loaded with Sea Stone buckshot inta the air! Two! One!
Caesar: W-W-W-Wait! I'm here!  Don't shoot! Don't point those at me! Tell them to stand down!
Bege: Oh, come to think o' it,  we don't have any Sea Stone buckshot.
Caesar: What did you-
Bege: But we do have a spear with some in it!
Caesar: S-Strength... leaving body...
Bege: Now that everyone's 'ere... Rather than standin' out 'ere chattin', let's take this inside my castle. That's an order.
Sanji: Dammit...  He's in complete control.
Luffy: Hey, what'd he mean by his "castle"?
Nami: Weren't you listening? Bege is a castleman who ate the Shiro Shiro Fruit.  Got it?
Zoro: So you guys entered his body.
Nami: Yep.
Luffy: Really?!  How'd you do that?!
Robin: By slicing through his stomach, perhaps?
Usopp: Cut that out, Robin!
Franky: Super disgustin'...
Chopper: That's not what happened!
Brook: An entrance appeared from his chest. We were bound by chains, so we had no choice but to obey.
Bege: Thanks fer waitin'. You guys want somethin' ta eat?
Sanji: Don't want any.
Bege: You ain't gotta hold back.  Wine, maybe?
Sanji: We don't want anythin'!   Just cut to the chase already!
Caesar: He'll kill me!  He'll kill me!  He'll kill me!
Bege: Cut yerself some slack once inna while, eh? We may've had beef at sea a week ago,  but things've changed since then. I was asked to hand you this invitation.
Sanji: Invitation?
Bege: It's an invitation to Mama's tea party.
Sanji: Whatta load. Why would I wanna go to Big Mom's tea party?
Bege: The highlight of the party's a wedding.
Sanji: Screw that.
Bege: The groom is the third son of the Vinsmoke family, Sanji!
Sanji: Wha?
Nami; Brook; and Chopper: Huh?! Whaaa?!
Bege: And the bride is the 35th daughter  of the Charlotte Family, Pudding.
Nami; Brook; and Chopper: Marriage?!
Nami: D-During the tea party...
Chopper: ...they're holding Sanji's wedding?!
Bege: Take it.
Sanji: Why, after all these years?
Bege: You expect me to know what your family's up to? Ya bastard!  Ya trying to set my castle on fire?!
Nami: Hey, Sanji-kun, what's this all about?
Chopper: You gonna get married?
Sanji: Who decided this without asking me?!
Bege: Yer family, o' course! For a son of the Vinsmoke Family, you're quite ill-bred.
Brook: V-V-Vinsmoke is Sanji-san's surname? The name sends chills down my spine. No, that can't possibly be.
Bege: Hey, bring me a glass of wine!
Bege's Goon: Yes, sir!
Nami: Sanji-kun's family... Remember when we found that picture book, "Norland the Liar", at Montblanc's place? A picture book? "Norland the Liar", it says...
Usopp: That's a cool title!  Nice idea for a book!
Sanji: "Norland the Liar"?
Nami: You've heard of it, Sanji-kun? But it says it was published in North Blue.
Sanji: Yeah.  I was born in North Blue. Didn't I tell you?
Usopp: News to me!   I thought you were from East Blue too.
Sanji: I only grew up there.  Ah, who cares?
Nami: I remember having a strange feeling then. We met him in East Blue,  but he said he was born in North Blue.
Brook: Eh?!  Are you sure, Nami-san?! If that's true, then this is big!
Narrator: The world sea is divided by the Red Line, the massive red soil continent that reaches past the clouds. The Grand Line,  the sea route that circumnavigates the world, runs perpendicular to the Red Line,  further dividing the sea into fourths. These quadrants to the east, west, south, and north are called: East Blue, West Blue, South Blue and North Blue.
Brook: In order to move to East Blue from North Blue, you have to cross over the Red Line!
Nami: Really?
Chopper: Is that difficult?
Brook: Quite! It's not just one family simply moving somewhere else. It's a grand voyage! Sanji-san...  Just what kind of upbringing did you have?
Caesar: And on top of that, Charlotte is Big Mom's surname!
Nami; Brook; and Chopper: Eh?!
Caesar: That jerk... he's going to marry Big Mom's daughter?!
Chopper: Sanji's going to be in an Emperor's family?!
Caesar: If your fellow crewmember becomes her son-in-law,  that means you'll become Big Mom's subordinates!
Chopper: Huh?!
Sanji: Don't jump to conclusions! I'm under no obligation to go to this tea party! Ridiculous. My wedding? Marrying a woman I don't even know? Don't feed me this crap! I'm not about to sign over the Straw Hats  as your subordinates, either. Our captain isn't the kind of guy who'd work under someone! Luffy's... the man that'll be Pirate King!
Bege: Big words comin' from ya.
Sanji: We done here?  Caesar's all yours. Let us go!
Caesar: As if I'll allow that!
Bege: I think you have the wrong idea. The invitation was only for you to see. I wasn't looking for a yes or no. You're in my body! You guys're already caught!   I'm taking every last one of yas to Mama!
Sanji: What?!
Bege: I'm sure you haven't been feeling the motion... but I'm already on the move.
Chopper: Are we really moving?
Caesar: She'll kill me!  Let me out!
Sanji: You damn...
Bege: If you wanna fight, I'll fight.
Sanji: What the-
Nami: Sanji-kun!
Bege: I have full command over the interior o' this castle! Everything is under my control!
Nami: Help!
Chopper: Ahh!  Nami's sinking!
Sanji: Nami-san!
Chopper: Nami! You're not getting away with this!
Brook: Please bring her back up already!
Sanji: Stop.
Nami: No!
Sanji: I said "Stop"!
Chopper: You okay?
Brook: Thank heavens!
Bege: It's yer choice whether or not I rough ya up, but yer not gettin' outta Mama's tea party. This is how the New World works.
Vito: That's right.  Mama hates bitter sweets... and empty seats at tea parties -rero. When someone refuses her out of ignorance -rero, they end up in tears and regretting it, and I can't bear to see that -rorero! When you receive an invitation to  one of Big Mom's tea parties -rero, it's basically a summons you must answer! They say even the devil himself leaves hell to attend one of Mama's tea parties! Of course, you can choose not to go -rorero. But if you do refuse... Well, just listen to this -rorero.
Bege: Vito.  Relax.
Sanji: How did you find that out?
Bege: That's a dumb question.
Narrator: The unimaginable horror that is  the Emperor Big Mom drives Sanji into a corner. To save his captive friends from Bege and to  settle his past, Sanji takes decisive action on his own!
