Narrator: The goals: the final island, Raftel... and the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece! However, no one has ever reached that legendary land... except for Gold Roger, the Pirate King. It is the Great Pirate Era. As the monsters of the New World fight fiercely amongst themselves, the Straw Hat Pirates are at the center of the storm. Their captain is a rubber man that ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit: Monkey D. Luffy! Zoro! Nami! Usopp! Sanji! Chopper! Robin! Franky! Brook! This tight-knit group of nine pirates... make their way through the vast ocean, with their sights set on One Piece!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy's party arrived at Zou,  where their new adventure is about to unfold. This island, large enough to pierce the clouds,  is actually an elephant that's been alive for a millennium. It was there that they met the Mink Tribe, and listened to the details of the battle that took place half a month ago... between the Minks and the Beast Pirates led by Jack, subordinate to the Emperor Kaidou. As they headed toward Master Nekomamushi in the Whale Forest, they listened to what happened to Sanji two days ago.
Bege: The groom is the third son of the Vinsmoke family, Sanji! And the bride is the 35th daughter  of the Charlotte Family, Pudding. It's yer choice whether or not I rough ya up, but yer not gettin' outta Mama's tea party. This is how the New World works.
Vito: That's right.  Mama hates bitter sweets... and empty seats at tea parties -rero. When you receive an invitation to  one of Big Mom's tea parties -rero, it's basically a summons you must answer! They say even the devil himself leaves hell to attend one of Mama's tea parties! Of course, you can choose not to go -rorero. But if you do refuse... Well, just listen to this -rorero.
Luffy: Dear Bastards Sanji's Farewell Note
Sanji: How did you find that out?
Bege: That's a dumb question. Who d'ya think our boss is? The Four Emperors're the most powerful pirates there is, reignin' supreme over the New World, one of 'em bein' Big Mom herself. She's got tons o' islands under her thumb, an' the power she possesses goes beyond yer wildest dreams. Nothing's impossible for her. All is as she wills it. If she tells someone she's gonna whack 'im,  he's as good as whacked. She ain't a bluffer. Ya better betcher life on every word you say. If ya wanna stay alive without bein' anybody's underling, do as she says, at least for now.
Brook: Sanji-san!  Are you alright? What did that man from before say to you?
Chopper: What's the matter, Sanji?! We'll fight with you,  even if we have to take on an Emperor!
Firetank Crew: Shut yer yaps!
Sanji: Give me some paper and a pen.
Bege: Give 'im what he wants.
Firetank Crew: Yes, sir.
Bege: Leavin' a note for Straw Hat, are ya?
Sanji: Give this to Luffy and the gang.
Nami: Sanji-kun...
Sanji: Nami-san. Chopper. Brook. Believe this about me, if nothing else. I never meant to hide anything from you, my friends. Vinsmoke. That's something from the past  I thought I'd never have to deal with again. I gotta end this myself, once and for all.
Brook: Wait a minute, Sanji-san.   What do you mean by "myself"?
Sanji: I'm sensing a powerful presence outside.   Probably one of the Minks. You guys ready?
Chopper: Ready?
Sanji: Good luck, guys.
Bege: B-Black Leg!
Caesar: What about me?!
Firetank Crew: That fool! He busted out his pals!
Bege: That rat!
Firetank Crew: Let's go after 'em! Pin 'im down! Dammit!  You little jerk!
Vito: Wait -rero!  You can't light him up!
Sanji: Don't move, bastards!
Caesar: Why... me?
Sanji: Listen up and listen good! I'm sure this "genius scientist" is important to you, so I'm bettin' you'd rather I not blow his brains out!
Caesar: I'll get you for this, Black Leg!
Sanji: Thought so. You shits can't kill me either, can you?! Hearing about this marriage solves a mystery for me. My wanted poster says "Only Alive"! You gotta take me alive! If you kill me, you'd end up pissin' somebody off, huh?! Did someone order you to be polite and forget the cuffs? Whoever made them write that phrase on the poster must be the same one who arranged my marriage, right?!
Firetank Crew: Dammit!  Let's get out and go after 'em!
Sanji: I said, "Don't move"!
Caesar: Please don't move!
Sanji: You know who that someone is, right? The one who wants me? Well, don't worry.  I'm coming with you... to sort things out with them! So don't you dare do anything to my friends!
Bege: Stay put, boys!
Firetank Crew: Father?
Bege: Right now...  there's a monster outside!
Nami: Master Nekomamushi!
Chopper: You've regained consciousness!
Bege: Some cat monster?   There's somethin' that crazy here?!
Nekomamushi: Oi! You-gara!  Who're you? I seen Pekoms lyin' down back there, bleedin'. Did you-gara do that?
Bege: Nah, ya got it wrong!  I'm 'is pal!
Nekomamushi: "Pal"?
Bege: Yeah, we's in the same pirate crew! We was actually attacked by leftovers from Jack's crew!
Nami: That's not true! Don't be fooled!  He shot Pekoms!
Bege: Why would I shoot my pal?
Nami: Sanji-kun, come on out!   Why are you still in there?!
Chopper: Tell us what's really going on, Sanji!
Brook: What do you mean, you need to go?!  Why can't we all go together?! Let's wait for Luffy-san and the rest, Sanji-san!
Bege: B-Back off!
Brook: Come on out, hurry!
Sanji: This is my problem. I'll be back. Tell everyone I said "hi."
Bege: Castle Tank!
Chopper: Sanji!
Nami: Sanji-kun!
Wanda: Nami!  Chopper! Should I chase after him?!
Brook: No, it's no use, Wanda-san!
Wanda: Baron Corpse!
Brook: Even if we could catch up to him, he has... no intentions of coming back now!
Sanji: "Dear Bastards," "Gotta go see a woman.  I'll be back."
Wanda: Nami...  I don't see Sanji or Cedar. Don't tell me they-teia were taken away...
Nami: No, he went willingly.
Wanda: What do you mean?
Nekomamushi: Wanda!  Carrot! They-gara want you ta forget it.  Jus' understand. We're takin' care o' Pekoms, too. Don't give th' daytime folks more worry they don't need.
Wanda: Understood, sire. Sorry about that.
Carrot: Sorry.
Nami: No, it's nothing... If anything, I'm sorry for making you feel that way after you saved us. Thank you, Master.
Nekomamushi: You-gara guys're showin' concern fer our broken-hearted citizens... We oughta be thankin' you. That there's silver vine!
Luffy: So, "gotta go see a woman" means... Sanji's gonna get married?
Nami: I don't think that's necessarily the case, but... he seemed pretty determined.
Luffy: Maybe he'll come back with his wife!
Usopp: What?!
Luffy: We're gonna have a new crewmate!
Nami: Honestly, you're so optimistic.
Brook: Luffy-san...  The bride is an Emperor's daughter. That would mean we become Big Mom's subordinates.
Luffy: No way!
Brook: Of course, Sanji-san doesn't want that either. He firmly refused, right then and there. Yet that troubles me. Considering who he's dealing with this time,  if he can't avoid the marriage, what do you suppose he would do?
Usopp: Well, he would...
Chopper: Yeah, he's the kind of guy who'd try not to cause us any trouble, so he'd try to separate himself from us!
Luffy: You mean Sanji is gonna leave?! I really ain't gonna take that!
Nami: When he tossed us out, he could've gotten away too. When he wrote the note,  I think he already made up his mind to go it alone.
Robin: Now we know everything.   You've been through a lot.
Franky: Big Mom's daughter, huh? He's got himself one helluva marriage proposal.
Usopp: And did you say "Vinsmoke"?  I guess that family's the key. It could be Sanji's father, mother, or brother... They once lived in North Blue, then moved to East Blue, and now they're in the New World. That's crazy!
Robin: Vinsmoke...
Franky: Heard of 'em?
Robin: I think, though I wonder where... I'm sorry.  It just isn't coming to me.
Nami: Sorry... I wish we could've held him up  at least until you guys arrived...
Robin: Sanji wouldn't have let you stop him.   It's not your fault.
Chopper: But, Robin, what if we never get to see him again?!
Zoro: Nothin' wrong with that.
Chopper: Huh?!  Whaddya mean by that, Zoro?!
Zoro: I mean, if he was leavin' for good, he would've said, "Thanks for everything." And "Sorry for causing so much trouble."
Chopper: No, that's not the point!
Zoro: That is the point. Think about it.   Right now, we're all aboard an unstoppable train. Remember what Caesar said? The biggest customer of Smile,  the artificial Devil Fruit, is Kaidou. We pissed Doflamingo off by  destroying the lab on Punk Hazard. We destroyed the Smile factory in Dress Rosa. So the next guy to go nuts is gonna be... Emperor Kaidou! He ain't some far-off threat anymore. We've already had a fight with  his underlings, the Beast Pirates... and with Jack, the guy who ruined the country. It's only a matter of time until they come after us. We're allied with Traf so we can win the battles to come. I dunno why, but it looks like Kin'emon  and the other samurai are being targeted by Kaidou, too. It ain't gonna be long before  we face off with Emperor Kaidou! How stupid can he be to get involved now with... another Emperor, Big Mom?!   That swirly-eyebrowed moron...
Nami: Don't say it like that! You ugly brute! This has nothing to do with Kaidou!
Brook: N-Nami-san...
Zoro: First of all, how could he get dragged away over something as pointless as a marriage?
Nami: What did you say?!
Brook: Both of you!  Please don't be so heated-
Nami: It's far from pointless!   You can't just dismiss other people's problems like that!
Zoro: What?!
Luffy: Alright! We ain't gonna get anywhere by  worrying about it, so let's go ask him!
Chopper: Huh?!
Zoro: Hey!  Forget it, Luffy!
Usopp: Don't tell me we're heading for Big Mom!
Luffy: No other choice.
Usopp: Did you forget about picking a fight with her?!
Franky: Without strategy or reinforcements,  we'll just have our butts handed to us and that's that.
Robin: She's an Emperor. Luffy, don't forget... she's on a totally  different level than any of our past foes.
Luffy: Then we'll sneak in!
Usopp: How do we find them?!
Chopper: Well, there is a way to go after them, but...
Brook: He's right. The Big Mom Pirates may have abducted Sanji-san, but they dropped something  quite important while they were here. If that person has awakened by now,  there must be something he can tell us.
Robin: That person?
Brook: Let's forge ahead, for now.
Narrator: Making their way through the dangerous forest at night,   Luffy and the crew head for the Whale Forest. Along the way, Brook sings his new song with soul. Surrounded by steam and a singing voice, the King of the Night, Nekomamushi,  finally appears before Luffy and company!
