Narrator: The goals: the final island, Raftel... and the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece! However, no one has ever reached that legendary land... except for Gold Roger, the Pirate King. It is the Great Pirate Era. As the monsters of the New World fight fiercely amongst themselves, the Straw Hat Pirates are at the center of the storm. Their captain is a rubber man that ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit: Monkey D. Luffy! Zoro! Nami! Usopp! Sanji! Chopper! Robin! Franky! Brook! This tight-knit group of nine pirates... make their way through the vast ocean, with their sights set on One Piece!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy's party arrived at Zou,  where their new adventure is about to unfold. This island, tall enough to pierce the clouds,  is actually an elephant that's been alive for a millennium. There, Luffy met the resident Mink Tribe. However, Sanji had already left on his own.
Sanji: Don't move, bastards! You shits can't kill me either, can you?! Hearing about this marriage solves a mystery for me. My wanted poster says "Only Alive"! You gotta take me alive! If you kill me, you'd end up pissin' somebody off, huh?! Did someone order you to be polite and forget the cuffs? Whoever made them write that phrase on the poster... must be the same one who arranged my marriage, right?! Well, don't worry.  I'm coming with you... to sort things out with them! So don't you dare do anything to my friends!
Luffy: Alright! We ain't gonna get anywhere by  worrying about it, so let's go ask him!
Chopper: Huh?!
Zoro: Hey!  Forget it, Luffy!
Usopp: Don't tell me we're heading for Big Mom!
Luffy: No other choice.
Usopp: Did you forget about picking a fight with her?!
Robin: She's an Emperor. Luffy, don't forget, she's on a  different level than any of our past foes.
Luffy: Then we'll sneak in!
Usopp: How do we find them?!
Chopper: Well, there is a way to go after them, but...
Brook: He's right. The Big Mom Pirates may have abducted Sanji-san, but they dropped something  quite important while they were here. If that person has awakened by now,  there must be something he can tell us.
Robin: That person?
Luffy: Let's Go Meet Master Nekomamushi
Brook: That person... Pekoms-san considers himself indebted to us because we saved his people, the Minks. That's why he tried to go against  Big Mom's orders, and let us get away. But that only brought tragedy upon him. And yet in order to find out where Sanji-san has gone, the only thing we can do is ask him,  as he is a member of the Big Mom Pirates.
Luffy: Alright! I'll get Sanji's whereabouts outta Pekomamushi! We won't get any answers unless we talk to Sanji himself!
Usopp: Chopper. This Pekoms guy... Will he be in any condition to talk?
Chopper: I hope he's come around.
Zoro: That's quite a few.
Wanda: Carrot!
Carrot: On it!
Brook: What's all this?!
Nami: Bugs?!
Carrot: Those are Suckers.
Usopp: Suckers?!
Wanda: Giant blood-sucking insects!
Carrot: Since you-teia Lesser Minks don't have as much fur,  they might suck all your blood and kill you just like that!
Usopp: Seriously?!
Franky: Look up!  Above us!
Chopper: We're gonna be sucked dry!
Usopp: Sure-Kill Gunpowder Star!
Wanda: Suckers are vicious.   They even suck Zunisha's blood, weakening it.
Nami: Huh?!  They can even weaken the elephant?!
Wanda: That's why we exterminate  every one we find here in our country.
Usopp: Stop, Carrot!  Luffy and the others' Warney was taken out!
Wanda: Hang in there, Warney!  They'll get you if you keep still!
Nami: Gust Sword!
Franky: I'll attract the bugs! Franky... Nipple Light!
Nami: What good is that gonna do?!
Wanda: Your-teia light is attracting the Suckers!
Nami: It's actually helpful?
Wanda: I'll exterminate the Suckers!
Brook: I shall lend my support! After all, I have no blood for them to suck.
Zoro: You idiot! Don't let your guard down just 'cause they're weak!
Luffy: Okay!  If I do this... they can't sting or get away!
Franky: Over here!  Right this way!
Chopper: I'm gonna fight too! Kung Fu Point!
Usopp: Sure-Kill Green Star: Skull Bombgrass!
Brook: The Chill of the Dead rises from the Underworld! Soul Solid!
Robin: Cien Fleurs!
Zoro: Three-Sword Style: Dragon Twister!
Nami: Thunderbolt Tempo!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Gatling!
Nami: Looks like we got rid of them!
Wanda: Thanks to you all, we cleared out the Suckers.  You-teia keep saving us, it seems.
Luffy: Don't mention it!
Wanda: I'm truly grateful.
Luffy: Anyway... How far do we still have  to go to get to Nekomamushi's place?
Carrot: Just a bit more.   We'll be at the Guardians' Quarters soon, so...
Usopp: Master Nekomamushi, huh?
Robin: I wonder what he's like.
Chopper: He was pretty injured.  I hope he's stayed put in bed...
Brook: Master Nekomamushi... What a wonderful person! I like him so much, I even wrote a song about him. Let's go meet Master Nekomamushi! Let's go meet Master Nekomamushi! Let's go meet Master Nekomamushi! Let's go meet Master Nekomamushi! Let's go meet Master Nekomamushi! Let's go meet Master Nekomamushi!
Luffy: Is that all?
Nami: You were just repeating the same phrase over and over.
Brook: Indeed.  That's because this song is called "Let's Go Meet Master Nekomamushi".
Usopp: He's serious?
Robin: He can't possibly just be repeating  the same line throughout the whole song.
Brook: Oh, no, it becomes slightly more complex from here! Nekomamushi, Nekomamushi... Nekomamushi, let's go and meet the Master! Master Nekomamushi easily becomes lonely. When I think of him being like that, it makes my heart ache. When he is bathed in the moonlight, his face looks innocent. He gazes up at it with sparkling eyes... but he tries to act tough under the sun. He does his best to live life on his own.
Robin: What a nice song. Is Master Nekomamushi really like that?
Brook: Not even in the slightest.
Usopp: He's not?!
Brook: It's simply a song inspired by him. Memorize it.
Wanda: Okay, we're here... The Guardians' Quarters.
Franky: This place is a wreck.
Luffy: Man, the Whale Tree looks even bigger up close!
Guardian: Hey, guys! It's the Straw Hats! Chopper's here! Garchu!
BB and Roddy: Garchu!
Guardians: Garchu!
Luffy: Garchu!
Zoro: Minks recover pretty fast, don't they?
Nami: You're right.
Roddy: Straw Hat Luffy!  It's us! Sorry for what we did in the forest.
BB: Doesn't matter who it is,  we can't let any invader get by!
Luffy: Oh, it's you guys! Ah, don't worry 'bout it! Uh, so... where's Nekomamushi?
Pedro: It's good to see you... Our saviors, and their friends! Let me say it once more. Thank you!
Luffy: Who's there?!
Pedro: Sorry for what my underlings did in the forest. They were being extremely wary of invaders.
Luffy: You were there?
Pedro: Yeah, in the treetops. Bepo and the others are waiting for you-gara guys back there.
Luffy: We can see 'em later. We wanna see Nekomamushi and the lion, Pekomamushi, first.
Pedro: Garchu! If you're talking about Pekoms, he's up now.   He's in the building at the back. We kept the whole incident a secret from everybody. Sanji's a nice guy. I hope we can help you in some way.
Chopper: Luffy, I'm worried about Nekomamushi! Not just about his condition though, so I'll go see him first!
Luffy: Gotcha!
Milky: Then allow me to lead the way, Dr. Chopper.
Usopp: Hey, Chopper!  Why're you so stiff?
Chopper: I-I-I's not sdiff...
Usopp: You're acting weird.
Milky: It's right this way.
Chopper: Y-Yah!
Milky: Master Nekomamushi is currently in the bath.
Chopper: The bath?!
Nekomamushi: Lasagnmeow! It's good-meow!  Oh yeah!
Chopper: Hey, Nekomamushi! You shouldn't be in the bath!  Your wound's gonna reopen! And you should be eating light meals! And why are you using your left hand?! Are you even listening to me?!
Nekomamushi: Oh, Chopper! Dun worry, dun worry! I'm a freedom-lovin' man!
Chopper: You still have to listen to your doctor!
Usopp: He's way larger than I expected.
Nekomamushi: Sorry, but even if they's doctor's orders...  Oops. They don't concern me! I still ain't got the hang of not havin' a left hand! I can't even clap my hands! So you-gara guys are the Straw Hats! Ya saved me! Thank you! I'll repay my debt to yas someday! I may not look it, but I got a strong sense o' obligation and compassion!
Usopp: Oh, a ball.
Nekomamushi: Whee!  It's a ball!
Chopper: I told you, no moving! See!  Your wound reopened!
Nekomamushi: Now see here, I... I got in bed 'cause I wanted to.
Chopper: Yeah, sure, okay. Whatever, just stay still! I'm giving you a shot.
Nekomamushi: Hey, you-gara! Show me that cattail.
Robin: Like this?
Nekomamushi: Chopper!  Get it over with while I'm keepin' myself busy!
Chopper: I told you to stay still!
Usopp: You're afraid of shots?!   Even as big as you are?!
Nekomamushi: All better now!
Chopper: There's no such wonder drug!  Just stay in bed!
Usopp: Don't hit the injured...
Brook: My, he's absolutely hilarious! I love him!
Nami: I can't believe you survived!
Pekoms: I blocked about half of the attack with my ability, grr! Bege, that bastard! My bad.  They must've taken Black Leg with 'em. He can't run from the wedding now!
Luffy: Well, about that, Pekomamushi... Who decided he was getting married?
Pekoms: Well, that'd be our Mama and the old man of the Vinsmoke Family, of course!
Nami: Sanji-kun's father? What kind of person is he?
Pekoms: He's made quite the name for himself in the underworld. You ever heard of the Germa 66? They're also known as the Warmongers.
Nami: What are you talking about?!   That's a mythical evil army! How ridiculous!
Pekoms: No, it's an actual organization. And the Vinsmoke Family is at the helm! Their boss is Black Leg's old man!
Sanji: Believe this about me, if nothing else. I never meant to hide anything from you, my friends.
Pekoms: The Vinsmoke Family is, well, simply put... A family of killers!
Narrator: Pekoms explains just how formidable  a great pirate, one of the Four Emperors, is. Big Mom forced Sanji to make a dire choice on that fateful day, and when the terrible details are revealed,  an angry Luffy resolves to take back Sanji!
