Narrator: The goals: the final island, Raftel... and the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece! However, no one has ever reached that legendary land... except for Gold Roger, the Pirate King. It is the Great Pirate Era. As the monsters of the New World fight fiercely amongst themselves, the Straw Hat Pirates are at the center of the storm. Their captain is a rubber man that ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit: Monkey D. Luffy! Zoro! Nami! Usopp! Sanji! Chopper! Robin! Franky! Brook! This tight-knit group of nine pirates... make their way through the vast ocean, with their sights set on One Piece!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy's party arrived at Zou,  where their new adventure is about to unfold. This island, tall enough to pierce the clouds,  is actually an elephant that's been alive for a millennium. It was there that they met the Mink Tribe... and listened to the details about the battle between the Minks... and the Beast Pirates led by Jack, Emperor Kaidou's subordinate, that took place half a month ago. Then, they learned Sanji was taken away two days ago, to a tea party... where his wedding with Emperor Big Mom's daughter will take place.
Sanji: This is my problem. I'll be back. Tell everyone I said "hi."
Pekoms: The Vinsmoke Family is, well, simply put... A family of killers!
Luffy: Luffy's Decision Sanji on the Brink of Leaving!
Nami: Sanji-kun is from a family of killers?
Luffy: I dunno what yer talking about. An' I don't care!
Pekoms: Grr, I'm sure you don't!
Luffy: What we wanna know is if he's coming back or not! He can get married if he wants! But we ain't gonna be Big Mom's lackeys 'cause of it! So if they get hitched, you guys'll be workin' under me!
Pekoms: Ouch!
Wanda: Pekoms, are you okay?
Carrot: Luffy, you're funny!
Luffy: Got that, Pekomamushi?! Tell Big Mom that!
Pekoms: Watch yer mouth, brat!  Or I'll put yer lights out! Grr! I may owe you guys one, but don't push yer luck! Mama's one of the Four Emperors of the high seas!
Luffy: Uh-huh.
Pekoms: This is bad for my wound.
Luffy: You sure got cute eyes.
Pekoms: Shaddap! Well, either way, he's not gettin' outta the marriage.
Luffy: Why not?
Pekoms: Just like how Black Leg's left to go to it, no one turns down an invitation  to Mama's tea party, for any reason. If someone refuses, they get... one hell of a shocking present in return a few days later... all because they put Mama to shame.
Luffy: A present?
Pekoms: It ain't the kind o' present you'd want. They receive the head of someone close to them!
Nami: A head?
Pekoms: It could be the head of one of the Straw Hats, or maybe someone from that restaurant out in East Blue. Oh, I guess it could be someone  from the Kamabakka Drag Queendom, too.
Nami: No way...
Luffy: Hey!  How do you guys know 'bout that stuff?!
Pekoms: That's what power can do, Straw Hat!
Nami: Then what he was told back then must have been...
Pekoms: When someone powerful like her makes threats,  they definitely ain't empty. Who can fight against that? That's how powerful the Four Emperors are! This is what it means to not have any options!
Nami: That's why Sanji-kun had no choice but to go.
Pekoms: One more thing... let me put you at ease, saviors. You guys aren't gonna end up under her, grr! You guys aren't gonna end up under her, grr! It's a political marriage. Mama always forms connections with those who become her subordinates. Basically, this marriage is a formality,  a way to join the Vinsmoke and Charlotte families. It's got nothin' to do with you guys. Want me to break it down for ya? The instant they get married, Black Leg Sanji'll no longer be part of your crew.
Luffy: Screw that!  Sanji's my friend!
Pekoms: But he's a son of Vinsmoke first! Don't get mad at me, grr!
Luffy: I know Sanji'd turn down a marriage like that!
Pekoms: Right in front o' the very eyes o' Mama and the vicious Vinsmokes? Well, who knows if he'll manage to stay alive after he turns it down.
Luffy: What'd ya say?! Hey, Pekomamushi!  What're ya doin' after this?!
Pekoms: I'm goin' back to Mama after I get better. He thinks he killed me, that son of a gun Bege! He ain't gettin' away with it, though!
Luffy: Then you're takin' me!
Nami: Luffy!
Luffy: Nami, I'm goin' by myself. Like Robin and the others said, if we all go, it'd seem like we're lookin' for war. We ain't got that kinda time. So I'm goin' alone! If I go with this guy, maybe I can sneak into the tea party an' crash the wedding.
Pekoms: Screw you!   You're askin' me to help an enemy stow away?!
Carrot: Oh, sounds like fun!
Wanda: Carrot, they're not playing around!
Luffy: Okay, it's decided!
Pekoms: H-Hey! Ouch...
Luffy: I'll get Chopper!  Get better already!
Pekoms: Don't go decidin' things for yourself! Ow, ow...  Hey! Hold it, Straw Hat!
Luffy: Zoro, you're here?  Didja hear all that?
Zoro: I did.
Luffy: Worried about Sanji, aren't ya?
Zoro: I'll kick you, moron!   I told ya to forget about that idiot!
Usopp and Chopper: Hey!
Chopper: Luffy, Zoro!  How's Pekoms doing?!
Luffy: Oh, Chopper! He's cryin' from the pain,  bangin' his head against a wall and shoutin'! Fix him up right away!
Chopper: What kind of symptoms are those? I'll check up on him right away!
Brook: Well, he can move around  which means he's fine, I suppose.
Robin: You're right.
Guardian: Garchu!  Baron Corpse!
Brook: Huh?  Now wait one-
Guardian: Garchu!  Garchu!
Brook: Hey, stop!  No!  Hey!
Guardian: Garchu! You look so delicious, Baron Corpse!
Brook: Help me!  I'm in a bigger state of emergency than anyone else! No, don't just watch and laugh!
Nekomamushi: Oh!  You-gara are Straw Hat Luffy, aren'tcha?! Couldn't wait ta meetcha!
Chopper: Why'd you follow us?!  Go back to bed!
Nekomamushi: I just got better!
Chopper: No, you didn't!
Luffy: He's huge!  That's Nekomamushi?! He's a cat monster!
Nekomamushi: Here's a garchu as thanks!
Chopper: Nekomamushi's spurting blood!
Zoro: Hey, what's the big deal, cat monster?!
Chopper: Stay with me, Nekomamushi!
Luffy: He's really massive! And he's a fluffy cat monster, too!
Chopper: Get off of him, Luffy!   He may not look it, but he's heavily injured!
Law: What's with all the noise?
Chopper: I'm out of blood!  Bring me some blood, stat!
Milky: Okay, Dr. Chopper.
Chopper: Th-Th-Th-Thank...
Usopp: What's wrong, Chopper?!
Zoro: On your feet, cat monster!  I'll cut ya down!
Usopp: Whoa, whoa, whoa!  He's injured!
Zoro: Who cares!  I'll run through all nine of his lives!
Usopp: No, don't!
Luffy: Oh, Traf! Oh, are those guys your crew?!
Law: Yeah, I came to introduce them to you. This is my crew, all twenty of 'em.
Heart Pirates: A pleasure to meet you, Straw Hat!
Luffy: Hey there!
Law: We need to talk.
Bepo: What?!  That's it?!
Heart Pirates: Rude!  Rude!  Rude!  Rude!
Bepo: He's being rude, Captain!
Heart Pirate: We're in a pirate alliance, aren't we?!   Give us a proper introduction to the Straw Hats! He's right, Captain!
Law: We're just allies.   We don't necessarily have to get friendly.
Chopper: Stay with me, Nekomamushi!
Brook: Help me...
Law: What?! Black Legger went to see Big Mom?!
Usopp: Yeah.
Law: How in the hell does that happen?!
Luffy: Like I was tellin' these guys,  I'm gonna go take him back! So d'ya mind holdin' off on fightin' Kaidou for a bit?
Law: Not my call to make. It's only a matter of time before Kaidou comes after us! I thought we could hide out here in Zou for a while, but now they know where it is. Even if we're their next target, what do you think will happen to this country if it's attacked again?
BB: How kind of you!
Nami: Since when did they...
Roddy: Garchu!
BB: Are you-gara guys really pirates?!
Guardian: Thank you for caring about us on top of saving us! Thank you!  Garchu! Garchu, Baron Corpse!
Brook: I can't... take it anymore...
Guardian: Oh, Pekoms, are you hurt?
Pekoms: Yeah...
Guardian: Well, who cares!
Chopper: Oh, you came to!  Stay still this time!
Nekomamushi: Okay, let's have a feast! Bring drinks and food!
Chopper: Why, Nekomamushi?!
Luffy: I'm in!
Chopper: You're out!
Luffy: Feast!
Nekomamushi: We're gonna have the greatest night of our lives!
Peoples: Cheers!
Luffy: So good!
Nekomamushi: That right?! Put more on the grill!  Our saviors're hungry!
Guardian: Keep on grilling!
Guardians: Yeah!
Zoro and Guardian: Cheers!
Guardians: Master! Here's the main course!
Nekomamushi: Lasagnmeow!
Luffy: Wow!  That looks tasty!
Nekomamushi: Dun be shy! You-gara guys gotta try the Whale Forest's Lasagna Special!  Help yerselves!
Luffy: Yeah!  I'm diggin' in! So good!
Zoro: You're right, this is pretty good!
Usopp: Yeah?  Let me have some!
Luffy: Huh? I feel like I'm forgettin' something important... Eh, whatever!
Brook: It seems as though Luffy-san and the others have completely forgotten about it. But we adults must keep our act together.
Robin: That's right.  This country doesn't want them.
Franky: Yeah!  We absolutely can't let any of the samurai enter!
Brook: After all, Raizou-san, the person Kin'emon-san and Kanjuurou-san are looking for, isn't here so there's no point. And because of that, this thousand-year-old city was ruined!
Jack: Bring Raizou here!
Pleasure: Where's the Wano Country warrior?
Franky: They call us "saviors" and thank us... So we can't exactly tell 'em that  we have a couple o' samurai friends. If they find out that Kin'emon and the others were usin' this island as their rendezvous, even the cheerful Minks would be pretty pissed. I don't wanna fight 'em right after we got to know each other! So we'll stand guard all night long to keep Kin'emon and Kanjuurou from entering.
Robin: It'll be a problem if we become tired and fall asleep. Let's take turns.  I'll go first.
Brook: No, I'll go first.
Franky: No, I'll stand guard!
Robin: Let's just do it together, then.
Brook: Very well.
Kin'emon: Oh my...  My, my, my, it is still dark, so it must be before dawn. We have arrived!
Kanjuurou: Indeed!  We finally arrived! My, oh my, was it ever a disaster, but all is well that ends well.
Kin'emon: I am sure Luffy-dono and  his friends are worried about us.
Kanjuurou: I feel bad about that.
Kin'emon: Aye, they must have been waiting for us!
Kanjuurou: Well done, Torasaburo.
Kin'emon: Tiger?!  Ah, I did not know this animal was a tiger!
Kanjuurou: Quite!  Nekozaemon should be elated that his efforts were not in vain. Right, you have done enough.  Revert to a painting!
Kin'emon: And as for you, monkey fellow,  you have yet to tell us anything. I would just like to know if a warrior named Raizou is...
Bariete: I-I know no-monkeyin'-thing!
Kin'emon: What is the matter?  You look pale...
Kanjuurou: Oh, hey, wait!  Where are you going?! We cannot search for Raizou on our own!
Kin'emon: Wait, monkey fellow!   We need you to guide us around! Hey! Wait! Monkey fellow!
Bariete: This is big monkeyin' news!   There are monkeyin' samurai here! I must let them know as soon as possible! There are monkeyin' samurai here!
Narrator: The emergency bell rings across Zou once more. Nekomamushi and Inuarashi rush toward Kin'emon and Kanjuurou. The Mink Tribe, badly bruised after having their country ruined because of some unknown samurai, vent their unbridled emotions against the two samurai!
