Narrator: The goals: the final island, Raftel... and the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece! However, no one has ever reached that legendary land... except for Gold Roger, the Pirate King. It is the Great Pirate Era. As the monsters of the New World fight fiercely amongst themselves, the Straw Hat Pirates are at the center of the storm. Their captain is a rubber man that ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit: Monkey D. Luffy! Zoro! Nami! Usopp! Sanji! Chopper! Robin! Franky! Brook! This tight-knit group of nine pirates... make their way through the vast ocean, with their sights set on One Piece!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy's party arrived at Zou,  where their new adventure is about to unfold. This island, tall enough to pierce the clouds,  is actually an elephant that's been alive for a millennium. It was there that they met the Mink Tribe... and listened to the details about the battle between the Minks... and the Beast Pirates led by Jack, Emperor Kaidou's subordinate, that took place half a month ago. They also learned of the arranged marriage between Sanji and a daughter of the Emperor, Big Mom. And then...
Kin'emon: Cease your fighting!
Usopp: Oh, you idiot!  What're you doing?!
Kin'emon: People of the country of Zou! I am a retainer of the Kouzuki Clan from Wano Country!   I am called Kin'emon! I am here in search of my comrade,  a man called Raizou, who is a warrior from my country! Has he come here?!
Usopp and Chopper: We told you, this country was destroyed because he wasn't here!
Inuarashi: Raizou-dono is... safe and sound!
Usopp: Y-Y-Y... You all almost died!
Nekomamushi: We an' the Kouzuki Clan o' Wano Country  have been like family since way back when. No matter what's ruined, we'd never sell out our friends!
Luffy: The Third! The Ninja, Raizou of the Mist Appears
Jack: "Emperor Kaidou's right-hand man, Jack the Drought, is presumed dead after trading fire with Navy vessels transporting Doflamingo"? Load of bull! Hey!
Grunts: Yes, sir!
Jack: Do I look dead to you?
Pleasure: N-No, sir!  Definitely not, sir!
Gifter: You're alive, Jack-sama!
Jack: Too slow... Why's this ship so damn slow?!  Speed 'er up!
Grunts: Yes, sir!
Kin'emon: I am deeply grateful to you all!
Nekomamushi: Ain't no big deal!  Don' mention it!
Kin'emon: My utmost gratitude! And now, to prove who I am...
Wanda: That's definitely the same Kouzuki Clan crest  that the Duke, the Master and Raizou-san bear!
Luffy: Kouzuki...
Usopp: I can't believe they know each other! And here I was really prepared for a clash with the Minks!  Jeez!
Brook: All this time, we were trying to keep the samurai hidden. Turns out we were just beating our bones against a brick wall. I mean, heads.
Robin: It couldn't be helped.   They couldn't have told the whole story, even to us.
Chopper: You're right.
Nami: She just said the doggy and the kitty have the same crest. I guess their bond's far stronger than we realize.
Kin'emon: In any case, Inuarashi, Nekomamushi... It is surprising to see you two alive and well here!
Inuarashi: Death would have been respite. But we thought if we trusted the words said on that day and waited here...
Nekomamushi: Yeah, we'd get ta see you-gara guys again one day!
Inuarashi: Hey, cat monster!
Nekomamushi: Whaddya want, mutt?
Inuarashi: I was talking to Kin'emon! Don't cut in!
Nekomamushi: I'm jus' thinkin' Kin'emon must be sick o' talkin' to you-gara, so I skillfully butted in!
Inuarashi: What was that?!
Usopp: Oh, here we go again!
Woof Mink: I thought they cooled off...
Moo Mink: Well, when they're both in the same place  at the same time, it'll be anything but peaceful.
Not Tanuki Mink: Why do they hate each other so much?
Inuarashi: You-gara served your purpose!  Begone!
Nekomamushi: No, you git!
Wanda: Please stop, both of you!   Our long-awaited guests have just arrived!
Inuarashi: What?!  You wanna fight?!
Nekomamushi: Yeah, bring it!  I'd be glad to give ya a beatin'!
Momonosuke: Cease this bickering at once, Inuarashi, Nekomamushi! You two used to be such good friends! Why do you quarrel as though you wish to kill one another?!
Dog and Cat: Because...
Momonosuke: I forbid you from ever fighting each other again! If it is because of my father,  then it is all the more inexcusable! It would sadden my father to see you two like this...
Nekomamushi: It would sadden Oden-sama?
Nami: Momo?
Usopp: Did you just say it'd make your father sad? But Kin'emon's right there...
Robin: Don't tell me...
Inuarashi: I apologize deeply!
Nekomamushi: Momonosuke-sama, I'm ashamed o' myself! Yer absolutely right!
Musketeers: Huh?!
Sicilian: Duke!
Pedro: I can't believe the Master's bowing his head!
Monjii: Could that child be...
Kin'emon: Momonosuke-sama is right!
Nami: "Sama"?
Chopper: Hey, did you just refer to Momonosuke with "sama"?
Robin: It appears that it wasn't just the Minks who kept a secret.
Kin'emon: Please forgive me for lying to you all as well! In truth, Momonosuke-sama and I are... not father and son!
Straw Hats: What?!
Kin'emon: The one you see before you is... The heir of Kouzuki Oden-sama, great feudal lord of Kuri in Wano Country! He is Kouzuki Momonosuke-sama! In short... for all of us,  including Inuarashi and Nekomamushi, he is our lord!
Chopper: What?!  Usopp!  What in the world's going on?! What?!  I don't get it!
Usopp: The dog, the cat, Kin'emon,  and Kanjuurou are all retainers... And Momo must be their master but... I don't get it either!
Pedro: So he's heir to the Kouzuki clan, and Oden-dono's son!
BB: How could I miss that?!
Franky: That make Momo some big shot, then?
Robin: If they're heading the list of his retainers, he could be a quite powerful lord.
Kin'emon: Were his true identity to be revealed during our journey, we would have attracted more foes in turn. So, we acted as though we were father and son. Despite trusting you all,  we had nary a good chance to tell you. Our apologies.
Luffy: So you're not father and son?
Brook: They're quite alike, though.   They're both perverts.
Momonosuke: I apologize for lying!   I am actually an important figure!
Brook: Indeed, as well as a pervert.
Momonosuke: I am no such thing!
Luffy: I dun care!
Momonosuke: What do you mean by you "do not care"?!   Bow down, Luffy!
Luffy: Ain't gonna!  Why do we have to change how we act... just 'cause you're some "important person", you blockhead?!
Kin'emon: M-Momonosuke-sama!
Luffy: You're 'fraid o' heights, an' you ain't got no guts!
Momonosuke: We samurai fear nothing, you boor!
Luffy: Fraidy-cat!
Momonosuke: Insolent brute!
Kin'emon: Here we go again. We certainly owe him our lives, and yet...
Kanjuurou: There is no asking a pirate to be humble. However, Momonosuke-sama appears to be distracted, and that is a good thing.
Momonosuke: So frustrating, Onami!  Luffy is a terrible person!
Nami: Oh, there, there.
Kin'emon: Unhand her, Momonosuke-sama!   You damned brat!
Kanjuurou: Hey!
Nami: Say, Momo-chan... If your father is a lord,  there must be treasure in his castle, right?
Zoro and Usopp: Cut that out!
Usopp: You really are a deplorable person!
Nekomamushi: It's only been a few months since then... Their-gara cheeriness must be helpin' him.
Usopp: Momonosuke's the winner!
Luffy: Ya got me, Momo!
Momonosuke: Indeed, for I am samurai!
Inuarashi: A truce, cat. If we continue to dwell in the past,  it will only cause Momonosuke-sama suffering.
Nekomamushi: Fer our lord's sake. I'll talk ta you-gara, but that's as far as that goes!
Inuarashi and Nekomamushi: It's a deal!
Sicilian: Oh, would you look at that!
Pedro: Those two...  No way!
Actual Tanuki Mink: It's a miracle!
Mink: The two kings made up! The King of the Day and  the King of the Night have finally made up! The Kouzuki Clan's power is amazing!
Musketeer: Here come the tears!
Tristan: Dr. Miyagi, you're hopping too much!
Wanda: This truly is another miracle!
Luffy: What came over them all of a sudden?
Kin'emon: They are quite excited over something.
Franky: Yeah.
Arthur's Hot Sister Mink: It's beautiful.
Mink Kid: A rainbow!
Nekomamushi: Up the whale we go, then... If ya learn which vines to take, ya can reach the top.
Luffy: So this is where Raizou is?
Nekomamushi: Yeah.
Luffy: Ya-hoo! Nin-nin! Can't wait ta see the ninja, nin-nin!
Chopper: I get to see a ninja, nin-nin!
Usopp: Water Release technique, nin-nin!
Momonosuke: I still feel rather unwell, Kin'emon.
Kin'emon: You can wait at the bottom  if you desire, Momonosuke-sama.
Momonosuke: As we approach the whale,  the voice I hear is becoming louder.
Kin'emon: You share a similar ability with Oden-sama, then.
Inuarashi: There was another man who used to say something like that.
Nekomamushi: I was jus' thinkin' the same thing.
Chopper: Oh, I can't believe there's an entrance here!
Usopp: On the tail of the Whale Tree?!   No one would notice!
Nekomamushi: And it's a hidden door, so it's impossible ta find. In we go!
Luffy: This place is cool!
Usopp: Me first!
Nami: Hey!  Don't go so fast!
Robin: I'll be going on ahead!
Nami: Wait!
Nekomamushi: It's one long flight o' stairs, so be careful.
Chopper: Is that...
Nekomamushi: That's Raizou's voice.
Chopper: What?!  The ninja?!
Luffy and Usopp: Ninja!
Chopper: Ninja!
Luffy; Chopper; and Usopp: Ninja!  Ninja!  Ninja! Ninja!  Ninja!  Ninja! Ninja!
Luffy: Ya-hoo!  Where's the ninja?!
Chopper: Ninja!  Ninja!
Nekomamushi: Here we are. He-gara is the ninja, Raizou.
Luffy: Ninja!  Nin...
Raizou: You have come, Nekomamushi! Curse you! Why did you not simply hand me over to them?! Every single person that brought food to me... was injured! They told me the country is still well, but is it true?! If that be a lie, then I, Raizou, swear to despise you!
Luffy; Chopper; and Usopp: Huh?! He's nothing like we thought!
Narrator: The man who once attained everything this world has to offer... The Pirate King, Gold Roger,  left behind the legendary treasure of One Piece. When Luffy discovers a new Poneglyph,  the road to becoming the Pirate King is finally revealed!
