Narrator: The goals: the final island, Raftel... and the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece! However, no one has ever reached that legendary land... except for Gold Roger, the Pirate King. It is the Great Pirate Era. As the monsters of the New World fight fiercely amongst themselves, the Straw Hat Pirates are at the center of the storm. Their captain is a rubber man that ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit: Monkey D. Luffy! Zoro! Nami! Usopp! Sanji! Chopper! Robin! Franky! Brook! This tight-knit group of nine pirates... make their way through the vast ocean, with their sights set on One Piece!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy's party arrived at Zou,  where their new adventure is about to unfold. This island, tall enough to pierce the clouds,  is actually an elephant that's been alive for a millennium. It was there that they met the Mink Tribe... and listened to the details about the battle between the Minks... and the Beast Pirates led by Jack, Emperor Kaidou's subordinate, that took place half a month ago. They also learned of the arranged marriage between Sanji and a daughter of the Emperor, Big Mom.
Chopper: Is that...
Nekomamushi: That's Raizouu's voice.
Chopper: What?!  The ninja?!
Luffy and Usopp: Ninja!
Luffy: Ya-hoo!  Where's the ninja?!
Chopper: Ninja!  Ninja!
Nekomamushi: Here we are.  He-gara is the ninja, Raizouu.
Raizou: You have come, Nekomamushi! Curse you!  Why did you not simply hand me over to them?! Every single person that brought food to me... was injured! They told me the country is still well, but is it true?! If that be a lie, then I, Raizouu, swear to despise you!
Luffy; Chopper; and Usopp: Huh?! He's nothing like we thought!
Luffy: A Red Stone! The Guide to One Piece
Raizou: Hey!  What in the world has happened, Nekomamushi?!
Nekomamushi: Forgive us, Raizou. Wasn't no choice.
Zoro: Well, that's a disappointment.
Luffy: His face's huge...
Chopper: Doesn't seem like a fast runner, either...
Franky: Is that Raizou?
Usopp: I refuse to accept that he's a ninja!
Raizou: You lot do not appear to be of this country! Who are you?!
Kin'emon: Raizou!
Raizou: Kin'emon!  Kanjuurou!  Momonosuke-sama! I am glad to see you are all well!
Kin'emon: And we you!
Momonosuke: Raizou!
Kin'emon: We apologize for keeping you waiting, Raizou! I shall unchain you now!
Raizou: My thanks! What be your problem?
Nami: Look at this place!
Robin: That's... The crest of the Kouzuki Family! The same as Kin'emon's.
Inuarashi: That crest has been around for centuries.
Robin: And that stone is... I've never seen it in that color.  Deep red...
Nekomamushi: Yeah, it's a Poneglyph.
Inuarashi: We know of you-gara, Nico Robin. I hear the people of Ohara managed to decipher those characters.
Robin: So you two know about Ohara?
Clover: Here, proof of your scholarship.  Take it, Robin!
Roche: Good for you, Robin!
Rint: Congratulations!
Clover: Listen, Robin.  You must understand well what it means to be an archaeologist.
Young Robin: Yes, Professor Clover!
Robin: Why is that Poneglyph red? None of the Poneglyphs I've seen were ever that color.
Inuarashi: It serves a different purpose. Can you read it?
Robin: Yes!  May I?
Inuarashi: Of course.
Raizou: What is the matter with the lot of you?  Why are you staring at me so intently?
Luffy: Are you really a ninja?
Raizou: How insolent!  Who are you?!
Kin'emon: We have not yet introduced them to you.
Kanjuurou: Raizou, these are the Straw Hats.  They are pirates.
Raizou: Pirates?
Luffy: If you're a real ninja, chuck some throwing stars!
Chopper: Meditate under a waterfall!
Usopp: Say "Nin" and use your ninja arts!
Luffy: I wanna see the Earth Release Technique!
Chopper: I want the Fire Release!
Usopp: No, Water Release!
Raizou: A rapid onslaught of requests!
Luffy; Usopp and Chopper: Show us your ninja arts already!
Raizou: Why would pirates want to see them so badly?!
Franky: It ain't got anythin' to do with us bein' pirates. Super! All men like ninja!
Raizou: That makes me blush.
Usopp: Hey, have you ever gone out with a female ninja?!
Luffy: Train your jumping ability by jumping over bamboo shoots every day!
Law: Show me the Clone Technique.
Zoro: Hide in a ceiling and get stabbed by a spear.
Luffy: Fly in the sky using a parachute cloth!
Usopp: Summon a great frog!
Chopper: Hold a scroll in your mouth and say "Nin-Nin"!
Luffy: Raizou!
Usopp: Raizou!
Chopper: Raizou!
Law: Get on with it.
Zoro: Just do it.
The Guys: Show us your ninja arts!
Raizou: Oh, shut it! Stop imposing your damned dreams on me! We ninja do not say things like "Nin-Nin"!  The ninja in your heads is a fantasy!
Luffy; Usopp and Chopper: Huh?!
Law: Th-They don't say that?
Usopp: What makes you a ninja, then?!  It definitely isn't your physique!
Raizou: Indeed. With this physique, I cannot even attract female ninjas... Leave that topic be! Listen!  It takes a calm, tough mind to be a master ninja! We are those that live within shadows. We must not use our techniques for show. The ninja arts are not for entertainment... Ninja Art: Smoke Escape Technique!
Luffy; Usopp and Chopper: He... He disappeared!
Luffy: Huh?
Chopper: Where is he?!
Raizou: I have not disappeared! Here I am.
Franky: Wh-What?!
Raizou: I am here as well! And here! Here too!
Chopper: Huh?!  He's got doubles?!
Usopp: Could this be...
Raizou: Ninja Art: Clone Technique!
Luffy; Usopp and Chopper: So cool!
Raizou: How is this?  Can you find the true one?
Luffy: What?! Gotcha! How'd I do?!
Raizou: Ninja Art: Substitution Technique!
Luffy: He's faster than he looks!
Raizou: Did you doubt I was really a ninja? Flower Throwing Stars! Never popular with the ladies, but still an invincible ninja! Raizou of the Mist now... stands before you!
Franky: Ninja are so cool!
Luffy; Usopp and Chopper: Raizou!
Raizou: Nin!  Nin!
Luffy: Nin-nin!  You're so cool!
Usopp: Nin-nin!  Being a ninja isn't about how you look, but about your mind! Nin-nin!
Chopper: Can I become a ninja if I train lots?! Nin-nin!
Luffy: Nin-nin!  I wanna see more ninja arts, nin-nin!
Raizou: Enough already with the "nin-nin"! You already saw the ninja arts once by coincidence.
Luffy; Usopp and Chopper: Coincidence?
Usopp: I know you did it all for us!
Raizou: Curses...
Chopper: Are you guys crying?
Kanjuurou: Do not be silly!
Kin'emon: Men of the Wano Country shed no tears!
Raizou: It is just... Things were not in this state when I arrived here! The city and the river were both beautiful! The streets were bustling... and people were living their lives! The whole country... was alive! Damn those Minks! They acted in such a rash way! I shall hereby work hard so that your sacrifice will not be in vain! Forgive me! Please forgive me!
Nekomamushi: Hey, you-gara guys! Seems like the stone's been puzzled out!   C'mon back inside the whale!
Robin: What do you think, Nami?
Nami: This is what's written on the Poneglyph? Yeah, I can draw a nautical chart based on this! We can pinpoint the location of something with this, Robin!
Inuarashi: That red stone is called a Road Poneglyph. The toughest folks sailing these seas are searching for the end of the Grand Line, and that stone is the guide on how to get there!
Nekomamushi: The Whale Forest's considered sacred 'cause o' that, so us Guardians're here to protect it!
Brook: The end of the Grand Line...
Robin: You mean, this is a guide to the final island, Raftel?!
Inuarashi: That's right! However... Raftel?!
Luffy: The goal! To be the Pirate King!
Usopp: We can finally get there!  The final island, Raftel!
Luffy: That's the island the old flower guy was talking about! Does it say where Raftel is?!
Inuarashi: Wait, wait, don't jump to conclusions! Hear me out.  You see... These red stones, the Road Poneglyphs... There are four of them in the world!
Luffy: Does that mean there's four Raftels?!
Usopp: No, it doesn't!  Let him finish first!
Inuarashi: That stone must indicate the location of someplace, but it's not Raftel. The other three Road Poneglyphs all indicate different locations in much the same manner. When you learn where those locations are and connect those four points on a map, those lines will cross at the center! For multiple centuries, many have sought it, but none have made it to  the final island but the Pirate King and his crew. That is Raftel.
Luffy: The final island, Raftel!
Narrator: The mystery of the Poneglyphs that Robin has sought comes to light! When the conflict between the Four Emperors who are trying to reach Raftel... and the deep connection between Kouzuki Momonosuke's clan and the Poneglyphs are revealed, Luffy learns of the samurai's great sorrow!
