Narrator: The goals: the final island, Raftel... and the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece! However, no one has ever reached that legendary land... except for Gold Roger, the Pirate King. It is the Great Pirate Era. As the monsters of the New World fight fiercely amongst themselves, the Straw Hat Pirates are at the center of the storm. Their captain is a rubber man that ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit: Monkey D. Luffy! Zoro! Nami! Usopp! Sanji! Chopper! Robin! Franky! Brook! This tight-knit group of nine pirates... make their way through the vast ocean, with their sights set on One Piece!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Inuarashi: That red stone is called a Road Poneglyph. These red stones, the Road Poneglyphs... There are four of them in the world! That stone must indicate the location of someplace, but it's not Raftel. The other three Road Poneglyphs all indicate different locations in much the same manner. When you learn where those locations are and connect those four points on a map, those lines will cross at the center! For multiple centuries, many have sought it, but none have made it to  the final island but the Pirate King and his crew. That is Raftel!
Luffy: The final island, Raftel! The Wano Country's Secret The Kouzuki Family and the Poneglyphs Raftel... Finally! I wonder if it's really there... Or maybe it ain't! One Piece!
Chopper: We can get a hold of One Piece?!
Brook: At last, our conquest of the Grand Line is in sight!
Franky: I'm gettin' fired up!  Super!
Robin: How exciting!
Narrator: The Poneglyphs... They are fabled, indestructible stones, scattered around the world. An ancient language is carved into them,   the deciphering of which has proved a difficult task. However, having grown up in the country of Ohara where they studied the Poneglyphs, Robin... was able to read these letters. There are two kinds of Poneglyphs: ones that hold information, and others that point to them. If one were to connect the Poneglyphs that hold information, they form a single text that holds the secret of  the Void Century that has eluded historical records. The currently non-existent text that is completed by connecting those passages... is what is called the Rio Poneglyph. The Pirate King, Gol D. Roger, took those passages with him to his destination.
Roger: "I have come here, and I will lead this passage to the end." "Gol D. Roger, Pirate."
Luffy: 'Kay!  Let's go searchin'!
Usopp: Where exactly are you gonna search?!   It's a big world out there!
Luffy: I'll bring back Sanji quick!
Usopp: Listen to what I'm saying!
Nekomamushi: You-gara! If yer goin' to Whole Cake Island along with Pekoms, it wouldn't be such a bad idea. O' the four Road Poneglyphs,  we're missin' the whereabouts of just one. We got one 'ere... And the other two're under the control of a few pirates.
Law: Pirates?
Luffy: Who're those pirates?
Nekomamushi: Emperor Big Mom! And another Emperor, Beast King Kaidou!
Scaredy Hats: Wha?!
Luffy: I see!
Franky: We oughta rob 'em!
Zoro: Don't matter who it is, I'll just cut 'em down.
Nami: Oh, I suddenly see nothing but darkness before my eyes...
Brook: Me too! Though my eyes are long gone...
Luffy: Why?! We're gonna kick their butts anyway, so let's just do it!
Usopp: Don't say that like it's nothing! I didn't care much because I thought  we wouldn't be fighting them anytime soon, but the very thought of it makes me wet myself!
Chopper: Yeah!  We're gonna wet our pants! Watch it!
Nekomamushi: Ya don't need to rob 'em of the Poneglyphs, though.
Chopper: We don't?
Nekomamushi: Usually, people copy the text by makin' a rubbin'. Ya won't catch anyone goin' 'round and carryin' such huge stones.
Usopp: I've got an idea! In that case, we'll just sneak into  Big Mom's and Kaidou's headquarters... and nab copies! Then, we'll reach Raftel before  anyone knows what's going on! And you'll become the Pirate King! What's your problem, you moron?!
Luffy: That ain't the manly thing to do! We just kick their butts, no matter who!
Brook: Easy, easy, easy!
Usopp: Who cares what the manly thing is?!
Chopper: Stop it already!
Brook: Cut it out!
Usopp: Stop running away! Not gonna!
Chopper: Can't we figure it out with just three of the stones? The location of Raftel, I mean.
Nami: No, we can't.   Identifying the location with three is just not possible.
Chopper: I thought so...
Nami: I guess we'll have to look for the fourth Road Poneglyph eventually.
Luffy: Damn right! There ain't no shortcuts to becomin' Pirate King!
Usopp: Shaddap!  What's wrong with taking shortcuts?!
Luffy: Whaddya say?!
Inuarashi: They're certainly a lively bunch.
Nekomamushi: They-gara sure're tons o' fun. But I'm more worried 'bout you-gara, Nico Robin. Right now, those-gara lookin' into the Void Century are collectin' copies all over the world, but ain't a single one o' that lot can read 'em. Big names all 'round the world'll... be aimin' to kidnap you-gara  when they's good 'n ready to read 'em.
Luffy: Ro... Kidnap Robin?!
Franky: What?
Spandam: Are you insane?! Don't think that you'll be getting out alive after making the entire world your enemy!
Luffy: Bring it on! We're goin' back, together! Robin!
Saul: Listen carefully, Robin! You might be all alone right now, but you'll make friends someday, for sure!
Robin: Nothing to be concerned about. I have strong friends who will protect me.
Luffy: Now, now, "strong", ya say?  Don't make me blush! I'll kick anyone's butt for ya!
Chopper: You shouldn't count on me like that...
Brook: I shall protect Robin-san, no matter what may come!
Franky: I'll do anythin' for Robin too! Super!
Usopp: I won't let anyone lay a finger on Robin!
Nami: If they do, I'll take their lives and their money!
Nekomamushi: They-gara sure seem like the types ya can count on!
Inuarashi: You have good friends.
Gifter Lookout: Four Navy ships. But the people on them are seriously bad news.  Are they out to destroy a country? So much force, and just for transport! That's how great Doflamingo-sama is! Taking back Joker's going to be impossible.  Captain Jack, shall we turn back?
Jack: Why? You damn fool!  Of course we're goin' through with it!
Gifter Lookout: Huh?!
Jack: Who the hell do you think I am?!
Jack's Deckhand: Prepare for battle!
Jack: Get a move on!
Sengoku: Those are the Beast Pirates!  A formidable enemy to face!
Isshou: They only have one ship.
Tsuru: Give me a break. Hard to starboard! Fire!
Jack: Fire!
Marine: Move, double-time!  We're being raided!
Jack: Bring us along their broadsides!
Jack's Deckhand: Jack-sama, Sheepshead-sama has returned.
Robin: By the way, how do you all know so much about the Poneglyphs?
Nekomamushi: It all started with our master, Kouzuki Oden-sama, who took interest in the stones. 'Cause... Is it okay to tell 'em, mutt?
Momonosuke: Go ahead.  You need not hide anything from them. You are free to tell them anything.
Luffy: Didja just say, "Go ahead"?   What's with that bossy attitude?!
Momonosuke: I am their boss, you insolent brute!
Luffy: Suddenly yer acting like ya own 'em!
Momonosuke: Cease at once, Luffy!
Robin: Now, what about that person you mentioned...  Kouzuki Oden?
Nekomamushi: The Kouzuki Family of Wano Country was, in fact, a clan of stonemasons that quarried stones and processed 'em for generations. To this day, they remain highly skilled.
Usopp: Stonemasons?
Nekomamushi: That's right.   They goes way back, 800 years ago... The Kouzuki Clan invented an indestructible book usin' their fancy skills. An' that's what them Poneglyphs are!
Straw Hats: Huh?!
Robin: The Kouzuki Family?! They were the ones who made all  the Poneglyphs around the world?!
Luffy: You made the stones that Robin's lookin' for?!
Momonosuke: It was not I!  'Twas my ancestors from times past.
Luffy: Then, you guys know what's written on 'em?!
Kanjuurou: That knowledge has not been passed down in its entirety through the generations.
Kin'emon: One may learn of the stones' content only by reading them.
Raizou: The only knowledge that has been passed down was how to read and write in the ancient text.
Kanjuurou: However... Unfortunately, that is...
Kin'emon: Before it was passed down to Momonosuke-sama, it was cut off at his father,  the generation of Kouzuki Oden-sama!
Brook: By "cut off," you mean Momonosuke-san's father is...
Kin'emon: Yes, Oden-sama is... Wano... Wa... Wa...
Oden: Oden wouldn't be "oden" if it wasn't boiled!
Luffy: Hey!  It's okay if ya don't wanna talk about it!
Kin'emon: Oden-sama... was executed! By the shogun of Wano Country and the pirate, Kaidou! To spare the lives of his retainers, he met his fate head-on!
Luffy: By Kaidou?!
Law: Kaidou...
Kin'emon: And what is more... Emperor Kaidou's Beast Pirates are... still in Wano Country!
Usopp: In Wano Country?
Zoro: If you don't wanna talk about it, that's okay, but... why was your lord executed? You guys were targeted and captured because of that, weren't you?
Nami: Momo-chan...
Kin'emon: Indeed, you are right. You could say it is a cardinal sin. Kaidou is attempting to extract information from us! The previous feudal lord, Kouzuki Oden-sama... journeyed to the final island, Raftel,  with the Pirate King, Gol D. Roger... and bore witness to the secrets of the world!
Straw Hats: Huh?!
Nami: Roger...
Luffy: Momonosuke's dad... went to Raftel with Gold Roger?!
Narrator: Momonosuke remembers the pain from when he last saw his father, Oden. Upon the revelation of the earnest wish of the samurai... that left their home of Wano Country for a long and arduous journey, Luffy makes a stunning decision that shocks everybody!
