Narrator: The goals: the final island, Raftel... and the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece! However, no one has ever reached that legendary land... except for Gold Roger, the Pirate King. It is the Great Pirate Era. As the monsters of the New World fight fiercely amongst themselves, the Straw Hat Pirates are at the center of the storm. Their captain is a rubber man that ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit: Monkey D. Luffy! Zoro! Nami! Usopp! Sanji! Chopper! Robin! Franky! Brook! This tight-knit group of nine pirates... make their way through the vast ocean, with their sights set on One Piece!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy's party arrived at Zou,  where their new adventure is about to unfold. This island, tall enough to pierce the clouds,  is actually an elephant that's been alive for a millennium. Inside the giant Whale Tree, they found...
Inuarashi: That red stone is called a Road Poneglyph.
Robin: The Kouzuki Family?! They were the ones who made  all the Poneglyphs around the world?!
Kin'emon: Oden-sama... was executed! By the shogun of Wano Country and the pirate, Kaidou!
Luffy: By Kaidou?!
Zoro: Why was your lord executed? You guys were targeted and captured because of that, weren't you?
Kin'emon: Indeed, you are right.  You could say it is a cardinal sin. The previous feudal lord, Kouzuki Oden-sama... journeyed to the final island, Raftel,  with the Pirate King, Gol D. Roger... and bore witness to the secrets of the world!
Luffy: Momonosuke's dad... went to Raftel with Gold Roger?! A Vow Between Two Men Luffy and Kouzuki Momonosuke Was your dad in the Pirate King's crew?!
Usopp: Momo's dad?
Raizou: Momonosuke-sama...
Luffy: Hey, Momo!
Nami: Luffy!
Momonosuke: That ish wight!
Robin: So he's like Rayleigh-san...  Another who learned the secrets of the world!
Rayleigh: We know. We learned of the complete history.
Robin: The complete history...  including the Void Century.
Narrator: The Void Century... A gap in world history that spanned an entire century. It is said that in the wake of that mysterious, dark period,  the World Government was established. Since then, they have ruled the world for eight centuries. The World Government strictly prohibits... ...searching for the truth behind the Void Century. What happened during those hundred years  is said to be revealed by reading the Poneglyphs. In the past, in Ohara,  the holy land of archaeology and Robin's homeland, Professor Clover was studying the Poneglyphs  in order to unearth the secrets of the Void Century. However, Professor Clover was wiped off  the face of the earth, along with every last Oharan. Everything related to the Void Century, including that incident, has been... smothered by the World Government. Why do they seek to keep a tight lid on the history of the Void Century? Even those who know of its secrets keep their mouths shut.
Zoro: I get it! In order to squeeze the secrets  of the world out of you retainers, those guys tied to Kaidou, Doflamingo and Caesar, were out to catch you guys.
Kin'emon: That is quite right!
Usopp: So do you guys know the secrets of the world?
Kin'emon: With respect to that... we know nothing of them! Oden-sama wished not to burden us with those secrets. We know nothing!
Kanjuurou: Indeed.  And even if we knew of such things, we would not speak of them to anyone. Regardless of what we know  and know not, we will be hunted! And if that is true, the only option we have is to fight!
Kin'emon: Indeed! Despite being defeated soldiers, we accept our disgrace.... and survive to this day for one reason! And that is the words of Oden-sama that are etched in our minds!
Raizou: Those words are the reason we live!
Inuarashi: It's the same for us.
Nekomamushi: Yeah.
Usopp: Wh-What are those words?
Kin'emon: The words he left behind formed a single phrase!
Oden Retainers: "Open up the borders of Wano Country!"
Chopper: What do they mean by "open up"?
Brook: The Wano Country is closed off to the world. Which means one may neither leave the country,  nor enter from outside. But if they were to open their borders,  it would mean they could interact with other countries.
Kanjuurou: It is a pity that,  though our duty was to be shields for Oden-sama, we were instead saved by him,  and thus brought shame upon ourselves! Now we must put our lives on the line,  and avenge our master!
Raizou: We must slay the shogun that stole Wano Country,  and open our closed country to the world!
Kin'emon: That is our desire! Wano Country is almost entirely under the control  of the joint forces of the shogun and Kaidou. Even now, our comrades there attempt to muster dissidents, but they are yet vastly outnumbered by the great armies of our enemies! There is no chance for victory!
Brook: So that's what's happening there...
Nami: Momo-chan...
Kin'emon: But we must win! And so, for the sake of searching for those who will fight with us, we set out to sea! First, we were headed for Zou!
Kanjuurou: Because to fight against the Beast Pirates,  we surely needed the help of Minks, our closest allies.
Inuarashi: Indeed, the Kouzuki Clan and the Minks... share a special bond from the distant past, which means that whatever happens, we will share the same fate!
Nekomamushi: More'n anythin', the mutt an' I're Oden-sama's direct retainers. Ever since the day Raizou arrived 'ere,  all o' our warriors've been prepared!
Inuarashi: But when we actually fought, we ended up like this against Jack's unit, and that was just part of Kaidou's army!
Nekomamushi: A pretty disappointin' story.
Inuarashi: A shame, indeed.
Franky: Hey!  That's only 'cause they used that dirty weapon!
Usopp: No one could've expected they'd use poison gas!
Inuarashi: If only the enemy could be disqualified for cheating...
Nekomamushi: No matter how dirty they play, this's our land! We shoulda won!
Inuarashi: But we shall not let it happen again! We won't repeat the same failure! We, too, have an ace up our sleeve. Should we fight again,  we'll show them the true power of the Mink Tribe!
Franky: "True power"?
Nekomamushi: Yeah!  We ain't gonna simply back down!
Chopper: Then take your injuries more seriously! Otherwise, you won't be able to exercise that true power!
Nekomamushi: I know!
Chopper: No drinking until you're fully recovered!
Nekomamushi: But that ain't no fun...
Chopper: And no baths either!
Kin'emon: We have a favor to ask of you, Luffy-dono! And of you, Law-dono! I understand it is presumptuous of me to ask you a favor after having saved my life, but I am most impressed by the strength of you all! Since we are fated to share the same purpose... In our fight to slay the shogun of Wano Country and Emperor Kaidou, will you aid us?
Kanjuurou: Please!  We humbly beg of you, Luffy-dono!
Raizou: We beg of you!
Usopp: Ooh, alright!  Who could ask for more?! Those samurai and the Minks!  They'll be a big help to us too!
Franky: We were gonna fight Kaidou sooner or later!   We gotta jump at this chance!
Chopper: They even have a ninja, Luffy!
Kin'emon: Please aid us!
Luffy: I refuse!
Kin'emon: Wh-What?!
Usopp: Wh-What did you just say?!
Luffy: I refuse!
Usopp: Why?!  We've been traveling together!
Kin'emon: Luffy-dono?
Luffy: I refuse!
Franky and Usopp: Don't!
Chopper: Tell me you're kidding!
Usopp: Why don't you get it?! Think about what they've been through!  We gotta join forces! Are you out of your mind?! Just a moment!  Forget about what he said!   We're gonna teach him a lesson!
Luffy: Stop!
Usopp: Luffy, think about it some more!
Chopper and Franky: This makes you less of a man!
Nami: Wait! I think Luffy has a point there.
Usopp: Nami?
Nami: I'm gonna... negotiate!
Chopper and Franky: That's not the point!  Hold your horses!
Luffy: Are you just a puppet, Momo?!
Usopp: Cut that out!  He's just a kid!
Luffy: You say it! You're a hotshot, ain'tcha?! You're the boss of these great guys, ain'tcha?! Are you just gonna cry?!
Nami: How can you make him cry like that?!   Don't be mean to an eight-year-old!
Brook: Luffy-san. Typically, heirs don't really need to do all that much before they reach adulthood. The adults around them handle... Oh, Momonosuke-san?
Raizou: Momonosuke-sama...
Nami: Yes, come here, Momo-chan! I'm sorry for what our stupid captain said to you...
Momonosuke: Father... I... Father!
Oden: One cannot see all!   That is how the world is, Momonosuke!
Momonosuke: Father, I...
Kin'emon: We are surrounded!
Momonosuke: Mother!
Shogun Army Commander: Fire arrows at the ready!
Oden: Flee!  There must be a way to egress! Flee, everyone!
Momonosuke: Father... Luffy!  I...
Kaidou: Your father is... a fool of a lord!
Momonosuke: I wish to fell Kaidou! He is my parents' killer! He also slew my mother! I wish to grow up and become strong quickly, that I may avenge Father and Mother! I wish to protect my retainers as well!
Kin'emon: Momonosuke-sama!
Nekomamushi: It's enough ta know that ya feel that way!
Inuarashi: You-gara have gotten so old.
Nekomamushi: Shut it!
Momonosuke: But because I am still small in body, I cannot do that! That is why I desire you to fight alongside me! I beg of you! Pleas—
Luffy: I understand. Let's team up. An alliance! In return, lemme take Kaidou's head!
Momonosuke: I am in your debt!  I am in your debt!
Luffy: That ain't right!  You gotta grab tight, like this!
Momonosuke: I am in your debt!
Luffy: With all your strength!
Momonosuke: But I am holding your hand...
Luffy: No, like this!
Inuarashi: He's right.  This is how it should be.
Nekomamushi: Our leaders're teamin' up!  This's great!
Law: Straw Hatter. Shouldn't you be asking me first?
Luffy: You good, right?
Law: Well, yeah, but...
Kanjuurou: I am quite relieved!
Kin'emon: We must reflect on what we were doing. We were treating him as a child,  but he is head of the Kouzuki Clan. But we forgot about that,  believing that we must protect him. Even though he was far too harsh on an eight-year-old, the one who respects Momonosuke-sama the most... might be Luffy-dono!
Kanjuurou: Mm, indeed!
Raizou: Now I know why you lot admire him so much.
Luffy: Alright, you guys! Front and center! We're gonna... kick Emperor Kaidou's butt! We're the Ninja-Pirate-Mink-Samurai Alliance!
Usopp: That's too long!
Nami: Is "Ninja" necessary?
Dudes: 'Course it is!
Nami: Okay, okay.
Narrator: In their younger days, Inuarashi and Nekomamushi set out to sea, led by Kouzuki Oden. When their old ties to the legendary men who created an era come to light, the road to the great treasure of  One Piece is revealed to the Straw Hats!
