Narrator: The goals: the final island, Raftel... and the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece! However, no one has ever reached that legendary land... except for Gold Roger, the Pirate King. It is the Great Pirate Era. As the monsters of the New World fight fiercely amongst themselves, the Straw Hat Pirates are at the center of the storm. Their captain is a rubber man that ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit: Monkey D. Luffy! Zoro! Nami! Usopp! Sanji! Chopper! Robin! Franky! Brook! This tight-knit group of nine pirates... make their way through the vast ocean, with their sights set on One Piece!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy's party arrived at Zou,  where their new adventure is about to unfold. This island, tall enough to pierce the clouds,  is actually an elephant that's been alive for a millennium. Within the Whale Tree on the elephant's back... lay one of the Road Poneglyphs that hint at the location of the hidden island, Raftel. The Straw Hats discovered that  the Kouzuki Clan, creators of all Poneglyphs, were Momonosuke's ancestors.
Kin'emon: Oden-sama... was executed! By the shogun of Wano Country and the pirate, Kaidou! The words he left behind formed a single phrase!
Oden Retainers: "Open up the borders of Wano Country!"
Luffy: Are you just a puppet, Momo?! You say it! You're a hotshot, ain'tcha?! You're the boss of these great guys, ain'tcha?!
Momonosuke: I wish to fell Kaidou!
Luffy: Let's team up. An alliance! In return, lemme take Kaidou's head!
Momonosuke: I am in your debt!
Luffy: Alright! We're gonna... kick Emperor Kaidou's butt! We're the Ninja-Pirate-Mink-Samurai Alliance! The Legendary Voyage The Dog, the Cat, and the Pirate King!
Wanda: Today really is a miraculous day!
Carrot: Yeah, it totally is!
Wanda: Those two went to the trouble of splitting the day in half  because they didn't want to see each other, but now they've reconciled!
Pedro: True.  I never thought this day would come either. They say Duke Inuarashi and Master Nekomamushi were once very close friends. However, when they came back from a long journey barely clinging to life, they were already deep in a feud. Every time they came face to face,  they'd try to kill each other. What exactly happened between them, I wonder?
Carrot: That was before I was born, right?
Wanda: Yes. Pedro and I were still kids at the time. Ever since Straw Hat and his friends came along, a good wind has started to blow.
Rando Mink: In celebration of the reconciliation of our rulers today, let's party!
BB: We can wake up and go to bed anytime we like!
Luffy: Our target is Kaidou. Inuarashi, Nekomamushi... Momo, Kin'emon, Kanjuurou, the Ninja... And Traf, too! We're all teamin' up to kick Kaidou's butt! That's our alliance's goal! Guys!  Don't ever bow your heads or kneel to me again! Bein' allied means... bein' friends!
Law: It doesn't!
Luffy: Oh, and I do have one condition for this alliance.
Raizou: Is that not something you ought have stated before we agreed to join forces?
Kin'emon: What is that condition?
Luffy: Right now, we're missin' one of our crew.
Nekomamushi: Oh, yer talkin' 'bout Sanji, huh?
Inuarashi: Sanji?
Nami: Well, a lot has happened...
Inuarashi: What's this?!  Big Mom?! This is the first I've heard of it...
Nekomamushi: It happened while you-gara was sleepin'.
Kin'emon: I see.  That would be why we have not seen Sanji-dono.
Luffy: I'm gonna bring him back, so don't go off fightin' 'til then.
Raizou: That is your condition? If so, then we shall wait.
Luffy: Thanks! In return, Sanji'll be a huge help! He's as strong as a thousand men!
Zoro: Though I'm worth two thousand men!
Nami: We know, we know.
Inuarashi: I see...  He sounds very dependable,  but will you be alright? This is Emperor Big Mom we're talking about!
Luffy: I ain't fightin' her, so I'll be fine. I'm goin' with Pekomamushi, after all!
Inuarashi: Peko... mamushi?
Nekomamushi: Pekomamushi?!
Jack's Deckhand: Target confirmed, Jack-sama!
Jack: Yeah, I can see it.  No need to tell me. For cryin' out loud...  can't believe I'm actually coming back here. Sheepshead. "Raizou wasn't there." I didn't think that would be enough to get you to leave.
Sheepshead: I...  I am so very sorry, sir...
Jack: The Minks have high stamina. What if those who escaped the gas  were able to treat the ones we knocked out?
Ginrummy: Just stay silent, Sheepshead-sama. If he finds out that not only are the Minks alive,  but also that we were kicked off the island by someone...
Jack: When you start killing someone, you don't stop until they die! Mercy will only lead to the messy business of revenge!
Gifter: You don't need to worry! The Minks are weakening anyway.  If we raid them, they'll just...
Jack: That won't be necessary. We're killing the giant elephant!
Ginrummy: Kill the elephant?  But it's gigantic! How do we even do that?!
Luffy: I'm talkin' 'bout Shanks! Don't tell me you know him, Nekomamushi!
Nekomamushi: Yeah, I know 'im!  "Red Hair" Shanks, right? Now it makes sense!   No wonder that there straw hat looks familiar!
Luffy: It does?! Inuarashi said the same thing!  So y'all know Shanks?!
Inuarashi: We do, as both the cat and I  were once aboard Roger's ship.
Luffy: You guys were in the Pirate King's crew?!
Usopp: What's going on?
Inuarashi: In his crew... Well, I suppose you could put it that way, but... we boarded many ships as attendants to Oden-sama. That held true even while traveling aboard Whitebeard's Moby Dick. And when Oden-sama was recruited by Roger,  we stood by his side...
Usopp: Whoa, wait, hold on!  Whitebeard?!
Inuarashi: Yes.  We were still young... much like the swabbies Shanks and Buggy were then.
Usopp: Hey, wait!  Stop, stop! I'm completely lost!  Um...
Nekomamushi: The two o' us didn't go ta Raftel with 'em, though.
Usopp: I said "Wait a minute"! Um, in the beginning, on Whitebeard's ship... there was Oden, the dog, and the cat. And then Oden was recruited by Roger and you three switched to Roger's ship.
Nekomamushi: Yeah, I 'member!   We was havin' so much fun at the time! Oh, the creatures, lands, an' climates I'd never seen before! The sea o' clouds in the sky!
Inuarashi: The island floating under the sea!  The sunlight! Every day had my heart racing! Those were the good old adventuring days!
Usopp: Weren't you two trying to kill each other  just a little while ago?
Luffy: Then...  Kin'emon, were you guys travelin' on Whitebeard's ship too?
Kin'emon: No, we were in Wano Country during that time.
Kanjuurou: Quite the opposite... we were desperately trying to stop Oden-sama from boarding a pirate ship!
Luffy: Huh?  You were?
Kin'emon: Indeed.  As I believe we mentioned earlier, Wano Country is closed off from the world,  and interaction with other countries is prohibited.
Kanjuurou: In our isolated nation, even leaving the country is a crime. On the other hand, Oden-sama was a heretic  with doubts about the laws of our country.
Kin'emon: We made the acquaintances of Whitebeard, Roger, and their ilk... when they landed on the shores of Wano Country. They were most honorable, and we did not believe they were particularly bad people. But never in my life had I heard of a feudal lord boarding a pirate ship, so as his retainer...
Luffy: Well, anyway, y'all know Shanks!   Rayleigh too, right?!
Raizou: Yes, of course!
Luffy: I see!
Franky: Can I ask somethin'? If you hopped on board Roger's ship, then it musta been on the Oro Jackson, built by my shipwright teacher, Tom-san!
Inuarashi: My word!  You're a pupil of the Tom, the shipwright?!
Tom: I did assist that man, Roger... And I'm proud to have done it with a bang!
Franky: Yeah, I'm that Tom-san's pupil! Super!
Brook: Ah, may I go next?   Then, I suppose you know the ship's doctor, Crocus...
Nami: Wait, Brook. Sorry to interrupt you. I got something I wanna check with them. You said the four Road Poneglyphs  will show us the way to Raftel, right? I'm starting to worry about the route. Look. The needles on the Log Pose! Normally, we choose our next destination by looking at where these three needles point, but we're not following them now.  Couldn't that cause trouble? Look. The needles on the Log Pose! We're not following them now.   Couldn't that cause trouble?
Usopp: H-Hey, Nami?
Nami: We met Traf-kun and chanced upon  Zou by following a Vivre Card, then happened upon a Road Poneglyph  which points us toward the location of Raftel. But according to Crocus-san at the Twin Capes, if you follow the Log,  every route meets at a single point in the end. I'd always assumed that was where Raftel was.
Nekomamushi: Oh, Crocus!  I ain't seen 'im in ages! How's he doin'?!
Luffy: He was fine!  But that was two years ago! You mean the old guy who was with Laboon, right?
Nekomamushi: Crocus, the ship's doctor! He-gara was lookin' fer some  pirate group from back in the day.
Brook: Oh, that was my crew - the whole crew is dead!
Nekomamushi: Wha?!
Nami: Hold on!  I'm talking about something important!
Inuarashi: Yes, I understand what you're saying. If you're interested in where the Log will lead you, see for yourself. There is definitely a route where all of those three needles point in the same direction, toward one specific place. However, you-gara people  have already begun a journey... toward a place which lies beyond that point.
Nami: What do you mean?
Inuarashi: There, you will discover something  for the first time at the end of the route... Discover the truth about the Poneglyphs and the ancient script. Find out about the civilization that created them, and the existence of the hidden final island, Raftel! When Roger reached that point,  he had to do everything all over again. Crocus was also part of the Pirate King's crew.   He is one of those who know everything. He wouldn't lie to you unless he didn't like you-gara guys.
Crocus: And the name of the island at  the end of the route is...  Raftel. It's the last stop on the Grand Line. The only person in history who confirmed  the existence of that island is the Pirate King. It's a legendary island.
Nami: Beyond the end of the route... We're already on a journey beyond the end? I get it! I didn't need to worry.   We weren't wandering off route. I was just confused by the parts  of the truth we haven't yet discovered. Like Crocus-san said,  the Log is leading us to Raftel for sure! Leading us to the way to Raftel,  which itself lies beyond the end of the route! The Log wasn't lying!
Inuarashi: So you're the navigator?  You're very dependable. Don't worry!  You're on the right track. Just keep forging ahead!
Nami: Uh-huh!
Luffy: Hey, hey!  I dunno what you guys're talking about, but don'tcha think our navigator's amazin'?!
Nami: I'm dependable?  Why, I'm sure I am!
Usopp: Let's hear it for the navigator of the next Pirate King!
Chopper: That's so cool!
Nami: Quit hitting me, that hurts!
Chopper: Luffy!
Nekomamushi: You-gara guys seem like ye've  been havin' fun the whole time.
Usopp: Man, to think you guys're tied to so many legends... I feel dizzy now, just like when I met Rayleigh.
Momonosuke: I met Roger and his crew as well, but I do not remember it clearly as I was quite young.
Usopp: Oh, so you don't remember clearly... You total liar!  Roger died more than two decades ago! Just who're you talking about?!
Nekomamushi: So much happened on Oden-sama's voyage. I'll tell y'all 'bout it sometime.
Inuarashi: For now, we have much to do before fighting Kaidou!
Kin'emon: We must prepare. As I said before, we are attempting to recruit samurai  who will fight alongside us in Wano Country!
Nekomamushi: Meantime, we's got someone we need ta see! It's always good ta have more backup.
Luffy: Who's that?
Nekomamushi: He's the former First Division commander of the Whitebeard Pirates... Marco the Phoenix!
Narrator: A world-shaking incident involving Blackbeard and Marco the Phoenix is revealed. As Luffy and the crew are about to set out to sea in order to round up their allies, Jack's unsinkable fleet arrives, poised to attack. Luffy and his friends are in trouble!
