Narrator: The goals: the final island, Raftel... and the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece! However, no one has ever reached that legendary land... except for Gold Roger, the Pirate King. It is the Great Pirate Era. As the monsters of the New World fight fiercely amongst themselves, the Straw Hat Pirates are at the center of the storm. Their captain is a rubber man that ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit: Monkey D. Luffy! Zoro! Nami! Usopp! Sanji! Chopper! Robin! Franky! Brook! This tight-knit group of nine pirates... make their way through the vast ocean, with their sights set on One Piece!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy's party arrived at Zou,  where their new adventure is about to unfold. This island, tall enough to pierce the clouds,  is actually an elephant that's been alive for a millennium. Within the Whale Tree on the elephant's back... lay one of the Road Poneglyphs that hint at the location of the hidden island, Raftel. They learned that the Kouzuki Clan of Wano Country, creators of the Road Poneglyphs... were Momonosuke's ancestors. However, the knowledge of how to read and write the ancient text written on those stones... died along with the generation of  Momonosuke's father, Kouzuki Oden, before it could be passed down to Momonosuke.
Luffy: Let's team up. An alliance!
Narrator: Taking down Kaidou and opening the borders of Wano Country... Having come to an agreement on these goals, they formed the Ninja-Pirate-Mink-Samurai Alliance.
Nami: We met Traf-kun and chanced upon  Zou by following a Vivre Card, then happened upon a Road Poneglyph,  which points us toward the location of Raftel. But according to Crocus-san at the Twin Capes, if you follow the Log,  every route meets at a single point in the end. I'd always assumed that was where Raftel was.
Inuarashi: Yes, I understand what you're saying. If you're interested in where the Log will lead you, see for yourself. There is definitely a route where all of those three needles point in the same direction, toward one specific place. However, you-gara people  have already begun a journey... toward a place which lies beyond that point.
Nami: What do you mean?
Inuarashi: There, you will discover something  for the first time at the end of the route... Discover the truth about the Poneglyphs and the ancient script. Find out about the civilization that created them, and the existence of the hidden final island, Raftel! When Roger reached that point,  he had to do everything all over again. Don't worry!  You're on the right track. Just keep forging ahead! For now, we have much to do before fighting Kaidou!
Kin'emon: We must prepare. As I said before, we are attempting to recruit samurai  who will fight alongside us in Wano Country!
Nekomamushi: Meantime, we's got someone we need ta see! It's always good ta have more backup.
Luffy: Who's that?
Nekomamushi: He's the former First Division commander of the Whitebeard Pirates... Marco the Phoenix!
Luffy: The Nightmare Returns Invincible Jack's Onslaught
Nami: Marco?
Nekomamushi: Yup.
Usopp: Seriously?
Robin: I didn't expect to hear that name around here.
Luffy: Marco...  Marco...
Franky: Oh, you guys're friends with him!   Good to know!
Brook: If he can lend his assistance, it will aid us immensely!
Franky: Hang on a sec...  Wasn't it a year ago that they...
Inuarashi: Well, I wouldn't expect much from that venture. Even if we do find him, there's little hope.
Luffy: Marco, Marco...  I'm sure I know him...
Usopp: You must've met him in the Paramount War at Marineford!
Luffy: Marco...  Who was he?
Franky: You don't remember?
Brook: He was Whitebeard's right-hand man!
Chopper: They say he ate a very rare type of Devil Fruit!
Luffy: Huh?  "Rare"?
Robin: He looks like a pineapple.
Luffy: Oh, he's that guy!
Rando Off-Screen Person: The First Division Commander, Marco!
Luffy: Thanks for savin' me!
Marco: Dun mention it!
Luffy: Yeah, he was ridiculously strong! Oh?  Why'd ya say there's "little hope"?
Inuarashi: Because that war happened.
Luffy: A war?
Nekomamushi: Yeah, it was a huge clash 'tween the last o' the Whitebeard Pirates led by Marco... an' the Blackbeard Pirates! Been a year since that so-called "Payback War", but we ain't heard nothin' 'bout what happened to the commanders. An' if he's alive, I think I knows where he might be.
Luffy: Whoa, hey, wait!  They fought Blackbeard?!
Robin: Indeed they did. Both sides had reinforcements.  It was quite a large-scale battle. In the end, Marco and his crew suffered a crushing defeat. Blackbeard was recognized as one of the Four Emperors after that battle.
Luffy: I had no idea...  Damn that Blackbeard!
Usopp: That was big news! You really did have no idea about what happened while you were training, huh?
Luffy: Jinbe told me... ...that durin' the Paramount War, after I passed out, the Whitebeard Pirates saved my life.
Marco: I ain't lettin' ya do him in!
Gendo Ikari: Out of my way!
Marco: This fight... ain't over yet! Get Ace's brother outta here, Jinbe!
Jinbe: Right!
Marco: Ace'll live on through Straw Hat! We're gonna do whatever it takes to protect him, for Ace! If we let him die, we'd be dishonoring the Whitebeard Pirates!
Luffy: I wanna see him again and tell him, "Thanks".
Nekomamushi: So just like Kin'emon, we needs time ta prepare too.
Luffy: Okay, got it.  Then this is where we split up.
Kin'emon: We shall gather our allies and formulate a strategy within Wano Country.
Zoro: You gonna be okay going back? I thought you guys were targets of the shogun.
Kanjuurou: We are fully aware of the risks.
Kin'emon: But we are more concerned about our comrades there.
Brook: Wano Country is currently occupied by Kaidou, correct? Your chances of encountering  the Beast Pirates are quite high, and isn't it difficult to even enter the country?
Usopp: Isn't there something you can do with your ninja arts?
Raizou: The arts would be difficult to use against all of their forces.
Usopp: I see...
Law: If you take our submarine, you'll get there safely.
Kin'emon: Oh!  Are you sure, Law-dono?
Raizou: We would appreciate it!
Kanjuurou: Please take us!
Law: And... if you know a place to hide on the island,  you'll be able to make your way from there.
Nekomamushi: I'll take my grunts an' go lookin' for Marco then.
Inuarashi: Our ultimate targets are the shogun and Kaidou. As Kin'emon and his party are headed there first, it's best that we set our rendezvous to Wano Country.
Nekomamushi: Let's make a Vivre Card o' Kin'emon, then.
Luffy: Right!  It's a deal!
Kin'emon: Right, understood.
Zoro: Don't get lost, guys.
Nami: Look who's talking.
Moo Musketeer: There he is!  Raizou-dono!
Carrot: Good to see you again!
Sicilian: Good to see that you're well!
Mink Stampede: Raizou-san!
Raizou: Y-You lot...
Wanda: We're holding a celebratory banquet!
Carrot: We've got everything ready!
Raizou: A celebratory banquet?   Just what are we celebrating?
Mink Stampede: Raizou-san's safety... ...the reconciliation of the two kings, and... ...the Kouzuki Clan's reunion!
Kin'emon: Oh my!
Raizou: W-What are you on about? You cursed Minks!
Panda Musketeer: Sorry for locking you up!
Yak Mink: We just wanted to protect you-gara from Jack and his crew!
Kid Minks: Raizou-san!
Kid Mink: Do your hands hurt from the ropes?
Femme Minks: Raizou-san!
Raizou: You ask me if I hurt? You lot are in far more dire condition than I! How annoying! Ninja Art: I-Love-You Technique!
Mink Stampede: Raizou-dono! Raizou-dono!
Kid Minks: Nin, nin, nin, nin!
Luffy: 'Kay!  Let's party! Par-tay!  Par-tay!  Par-tay!  Par-tay!
Nami: Hold it right there, Luffy! Enough partying already! We're setting sail!   Do you want to miss our chance to save Sanji-kun?
Luffy: Huh?  Yer comin'?
Nami: Of course I'm coming with you!   I feel at fault, after all... Besides, do you really think you can set sail  on the seas of the New World... without me, your navigator?
Chopper: I'm coming too!  Pekoms is still in critical condition! He needs a doctor!
Brook: In addition to that... Who will play music when you folks are feeling down? Let's go meet Master Nekomamushi...
Nami: Who needs that?
Brook: Now listen here!  Don't you exclude me! We both let them take Sanji-san!
Luffy: Kin'emon, you mind if I take 'em along?
Kin'emon: You need no permission from me!   They are your crew, after all! And no one can stop someone  who is trying to save their friend. I only wish I could come along. I am ever indebted to Sanji-dono. My apologies!
Franky: Sneakin' in is gonna be a lot harder now... Get outta there as soon as you crash the wedding!
Usopp: We're gonna go with Kin'emon,  so you focus on getting Sanji back!
Chopper: Uh-huh!
Nami: You can count on us!
Robin: Oh, Luffy?
Usopp: Robin, are you going along with them too?
Robin: In case you do find a Poneglyph,  would you mind obtaining a rubbing for me?
Luffy: Okay!
Usopp: Just like that?!
Robin: I'll be researching the Poneglyph held by Kaidou in Wano Country in the meantime.
Luffy: Cool! Alright, we all settled for now, then?
Nekomamushi: Let's party!
Nami: Hm?  What's wrong?
Nekomamushi: What the...
Monjii: Is that...
Usopp: What?  What?!
Rando Off-Screen Person: Again! Now we're moving the other way!
Wanda: The whole island is shaking!
Nekomamushi: Zunisha's cryin' out!
Inuarashi: What's going on?!
Usopp: Who's Zunisha?!
Carrot: Huh?  You're standing on it!
Usopp: Oh!  It's the elephant's name!
Inuarashi: Such a large quake!   This has never happened before!
Luffy: Who's there?!  Whose voice is that?!
Bepo: This is bad!
Law: Room! Shambles!
Heart Pirates: Captain!
Mink: Run!  It's collapsing!
Franky: Strong Right! Get away from the building!
Inuarashi: Hold on to the trees!
Femme Mink: Okay!
Zoro: This way!
Robin: Come now, hurry along!
Kid Minks: Thank you!
Luffy: Who's there?!  Who are you?!
Brook: My bones are going to break, break, break! My bones are going crack, crack, crack, crack!
Samurai: Momonosuke-sama!  Are you hurt?!
Nekomamushi: What's happenin' to Zunisha?!
Zunisha: If you are there...
Luffy: W-Who are you?!
Momonosuke: I hear the voice again!
Kin'emon: Momonosuke-sama!
Nami: Luffy, what's wrong?!
Luffy: "What's wrong"?!  You hear it too, right?!
Nami: Huh?  Hear what?
Luffy: You don't hear that?!
Nekomamushi: No way!
Inuarashi: He-gara hears it too?
Zunisha: ...please hurry!
Luffy: Who the hell are you?!
Momonosuke: This is the loudest voice I have ever heard!
Jack: Fire!
Gifter: It's working!
Jack: Of course it is. Normal elephants panic over just one bee. Take a good look at its body. If it's really been alive for a thousand years,  its skin must've grown thin! This, a living legend? Wrong!  It's just another old animal! Concentrate fire on its left foreleg! More volleys! Fire at will! If we make it bend its knees and bring its face closer, we can finish it off at our leisure! Perhaps we could gouge its eyes out and cut out its tongue! Or even slice up its stomach from within!
Zunisha: Please make haste! Give me the order... ...if you are there!
Luffy: Give ya what order?! Answer me!  Who are you?!
Narrator: The giant elephant and the behemoth elephant. A fight for the ages between Jack and Zunisha begins. As panic spreads throughout Zou, and Luffy and Momonosuke hear the mysterious voice again, a world-shattering blow reverberates across the seas of the New World!
