Narrator: The goals: the final island, Raftel... and the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece! However, no one has ever reached that legendary land... except for Gold Roger, the Pirate King. It is the Great Pirate Era. As the monsters of the New World fight fiercely amongst themselves, the Straw Hat Pirates are at the center of the storm. Their captain is a rubber man that ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit: Monkey D. Luffy! Zoro! Nami! Usopp! Sanji! Chopper! Robin! Franky! Brook! This tight-knit group of nine pirates... make their way through the vast ocean, with their sights set on One Piece!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy's party arrived at Zou,  where their new adventure is about to unfold. This island, tall enough to pierce the clouds,  is actually an elephant that's been alive for a millennium.
Musatobi: We have a problem!
Inuarashi: What's wrong, Musatobi?   Don't tell me Jack is back again!
Musatobi: N-No, it's not about Jack.  One of Zunisha's forelegs is... It's in really bad shape.   It's almost a miracle that he's still standing!
Narrator: Luffy and the others took action to treat the elephant,  who was wounded by bombardment from Jack's crew.
Chopper: I'm sure it's unbearably painful,  yet it's staying calm and letting us treat it.
Mink: Hang on tight! Don't get shaken off!
Usopp: I'm gonna be blown away!
Minks: Luffy!
Robin: Cien Fleur: Spider Net! Sorry to keep you waiting!  Climb up, everybody!
Mink: She saved us!
Chopper: Robin!
Luffy: Hey! Pekomamushi! The Farewell Climb Down Set Sail to Take Back Sanji!
Mink: Clip it right there and we're done. We're all set here, too!
Miyagi: The medical knowledge of the newly-named Cherry Blossom Kingdom... and the pharmaceutical knowledge of the Torino Kingdom. It's truly remarkable. The bleeding has stopped.
Chopper: You guys did great! I prepared more than enough medicine, so you'll be okay!
Mink: Only Dr. Chopper could've done it! You're really amazing!
Chopper: Complimenting me like that... won't make me happy, ya jerks!
Miyagi: Like you taught us, we'll remove the bandages on a regular basis to see how the wound is.
Chopper: Good.  But even just changing the bandages can be painstaking.
Miyagi: We'll be careful, of course.
Mink: Yeah!  Leave it to us! We'll defend Zunisha! Yeah!
Chopper: We can definitely count on you guys!
Miyagi: Zunisha's been our homeland for a thousand years. We might have become complacent and forgotten about it because it's always been there since we were born. Today was a reminder. We were reminded that we're always kept alive by this great lifeform. And one day, that will come to an end. If Zunisha... If our homeland has free will, I want to ask him this now: "You have been walking for a thousand years...   Just where is your destination?"
Kin'emon: Stay?  Here, in Zou?
Momonosuke: Aye.
Kin'emon: What will you do here during your stay?
Momonosuke: I do not have a clear idea of what I will do, but...
Zunisha: Just this once... Give me permission!
Momonosuke: Make Jack go away!
Zunisha: Understood!
Momonosuke: If it is possible, I desire to speak with him once more! With Zunisha... The one who has been alive for a thousand years! Why is it that he hears my voice? Perchance he knows something of the Kouzuki Clan?
Raizou: What be this?
Kanjuurou: Momonosuke-sama!
Kin'emon: I understand, but there are people who await us in Wano Country...
Inuarashi: It's quite alright, Kin'emon.
Kin'emon: Inuarashi!
Inuarashi: I've been thinking about how I must still protect this country from the threat of Kaidou. We have yet to know how Jack was able to make it here twice, so we mustn't let down our guard. Besides, we can't enter Wano Country all at once. So, I believe I'll be staying here for a while. I'll bring Momonosuke-sama with me later.
Kin'emon: Understood.  My gratitude. Nekomamushi made my Vivre Card earlier. Give this to everyone. And now, we divide into four groups. First, the group searching for the former first division commander of the Whitebeard Pirates, Marco the Phoenix: Nekomamushi's group! Second, the group staying here on Zou and joining us later: Inuarashi's group! Third, the group headed for  Whole Cake Island to take back Sanji-dono: Luffy-dono's group! The rest of us shall return to Wano Country, gather our allies, and formulate a strategy while waiting for everyone. We are the Ninja-Pirate-Mink-Samurai Alliance! Our objective: subdue Emperor Kaidou and the shogun of Wano Country! You can get there by following my Vivre Card, but this leaves the problem of communication. In other countries, they use this snail that... I mean, it is about this size, and if you speak into it, someone from a distance can...
Inuarashi: Oh, you mean a Snail Phone.
Nekomamushi: Oh, that.
Inuarashi: But in this country, we're not accustomed to using them.
Robin: If you want Snail Phones,  I saw some wild ones in the forest.
Franky: If you'd like some, I can set 'em up for ya, easy.
Nekomamushi: E-Easy?
Luffy: Hey! Hey! Hey! Pekomamushi's house collapsed! Hey, Pekomamushi! You okay?!  Answer me! Pekomamushi!  Where are you?!
Pekoms: Over here, grr!
Luffy: Where are you?!
Pekoms: Down here!
Luffy: Tur- Turtle?!
Pekoms: Stand back! Fer cryin' out loud!  What's with all the shakin'?! How's anyone supposed to get any rest around here, grr?!
Luffy: Kame: Turtle So you're actually Kamemamushi!
Pekoms: I get it, so not only do ya not remember my name, but ya also forget that I'm a lion, grr!
Luffy: How'd you live through that?!   The room's a total mess!
Pekoms: 'Course I lived through that,  'cause I ate the Kame Kame Fruit! My shell's hard as diamond- And ya haven't heard a word I said!
Luffy: Chopper said he'd take care of you.
Pekoms: I get it.  You're not gonna respond to the diamond part, are ya?  Grr! Ow, ow, ow! Still, I appreciate his care. I owe you guys a ton. Huh? Huh?! Huh?!
Luffy: So let's go see Big Mom!
Pekoms: Huh?! Wait, you moron! Don't you get it?  I'm fatally injured! Hey, I'm injured!  Stop righ- This is crazy!  Unbelievable! You're the worst person I've ever owed!
Nekomamushi: While I'm out, y'all work together ta keep Zunisha safe, hear?
Guardians: You can count on us, Master!
Pedro: Master?
Nekomamushi: Pedro.
Pedro: Sanji saved this country. And he was kidnapped in this country. Even though the team must remain small,  we will fail in our duty... if no one from the Mink Tribe other than Pekoms accompanies them.
Nekomamushi: You-gara... Ya wanna go along with Luffy, is that it?
Pedro: I do!
Sicilian: Don't try to get the jump on the rest of us, Pedro! That's a role... that we, the Three Inuarashi Musketeers,
Sicilian trio: are prepared to take on!
Pedro: Back off, Sicilian! A noisy guy like you-gara is least suitable for the job!
Sicilian: I'm not noisy!
Wanda: Let me go!  I was with the Straw Hats the whole time!
Tristan: Let me go as an assistant to Dr. Chopper!
Pedro: Wanda!  Tristan!
BB and Roddy: We befriended Luffy after we fought him, Pedro-san!
Pedro: BB!  Roddy!
Yomo: Nami likes to sleep on my stomach!
Pedro: That won't do them any good, Pastor Yomo!
Dog Mink: I wanna chew on Baron Corpse's bones forever! Me too!
Pedro: That's just your own goal!  Shut up, dogs!
Mink: I wanna go! And me! I'm sure I can be useful to them! I wanna go too! Me too! Let me go! I'll go! I wanna go too!
Nekomamushi: I get it! I get how yas all feel! But y'all gotta... let Pedro handle it!
Sicilian: But why, Master?!
Nekomamushi: 'Cause Pekoms'll be there. Only Pedro can keep 'im-gara under control!
Sicilian: I wish I could go!
Raizou: Something is happening over there.
Usopp: I called the last one "perfect".  However... the new one surpasses that easily! I incorporated the growth capability of Pop Greens... and got Franky's help for the surface treatment. It wouldn't be bragging to call it  the greatest invention of the cen... You listening, Nami?!
Nami: So if I squeeze here...
Usopp: That was a close one! Hey!  What's the big-
Nami: This is a little too long, Usopp!
Usopp: Listen to my explanation, then! You extended it too far!  You gotta practice! That's your new Klima Takt, and you can make it extend how you want just by varying how you handle it!
Nami: Now I see!
Usopp: I incorporated all those gadgets from Weatheria that I got from you in Sabaody. Just one thing, though... You said to me in Sabaody...
Nami: It's like a magic wand!
Usopp: I didn't understand what you meant by that.
Nami: It fits to my hand! It's so easy to twirl!
Usopp: So it's up to you to decide...
Nami: This is great, Usopp!
Raizou: W-W-W-What advanced ninja arts!
Nami: This is the best! It's the culmination of Weatheria's meteorology! It's the Sorcerer's Klima Takt I've always wanted!
Usopp: You mean it?!
Nami: Thanks, Usopp!
Usopp: Don't mention it! I was just thinking, you might need a weapon in the future that'd make you feel a little safer! Now, about your bill...
Nami: Mirage Tempo.
Usopp: Don't try to run!
Luffy: So there's six of us going in the end. Nice to have ya along, Peropero!
Pedro: It's Pedro.  I won't be a hindrance.
Pekoms: W-Why's Big Bro Pedro comin' along, grr?
Pedro: I'm coming along because you and I go way back, and I know you all too well.
Pekoms: And what's that supposed ta mean?!  Grr!
Wanda: Garchu!  It was really nice meeting you-teia all.
Nami: Same to you.  Garchu!
Wanda: Take care, Nami.
Nami: Thanks.  You too, Wanda.
Dog Mink: We still want to come with you, Baron Corpse!
Brook: I-I'm very flattered, but I'll have to pass, my dear canines!
Miyagi: We are truly thankful for everything you've done.
Tristan: Please take care, Dr. Chopper.
Chopper: Yup!
Milky: Take care, Dr. Chopper.
Zoro: Listen, we know him. He could be prancing around like that for all we know, way too happy about the wedding.
Usopp: There's no way! Actually, I can't deny it.
Luffy: Well, whatever happens, happens!
Kin'emon: Well then, Luffy-dono!   We shall await you in Wano Country!
Momonosuke: Best of luck, Luffy!
Bepo: Take care!
Robin: Let us know if something happens, okay?
Franky: I'll build an Anti-Kaidou weapon!
Zoro: I'll round up the samurai of Wano Country!
Usopp: Huh?!
Kanjuurou: And now, I shall assist you with descending the elephant.
Luffy: We're good, Kanjuurou! Bye! Ya-hoo! Leave Sanji to us!
Samurai: What?!
Kings of Zou: What?!
Everyone Ever: What?!
Luffy: See ya in Wano Country!
Zoro: Right on!
Usopp: Don't get caught by Big Mom! Just remember, she's an Emperor!
Luffy: Gotcha!  See you! Ya-hoo!
Narrator: And so, the Sanji Rescue Team led by Luffy... sets sail for Whole Cake Island, where the Emperor that Luffy began a quarrel with, Big Mom, awaits. Meanwhile, at the desert kingdom Alabasta on the Grand Line...
Vivi: Hurry now, Father!
Cobra: Wait, Vivi!  Why are you in such a good mood?
Vivi: It's been so long since I've been out to sea, that's why!
Narrator: The princess of the desert kingdom, who once traveled and cried together with the Straw Hats... And the Mermaid Princess, who keeps a promise she made to Luffy in her heart. Each with their own dreams, the time has come for them to set sail for the Reverie, where kings from all around the world gather!
