Narrator: The goals: the final island, Raftel... and the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece! However, no one has ever reached that legendary land... except for Gold Roger, the Pirate King. It is the Great Pirate Era. As the monsters of the New World fight fiercely amongst themselves, the Straw Hat Pirates are at the center of the storm. Their captain is a rubber man that ate the Gomu Gomu Fruit: Monkey D. Luffy! Zoro! Nami! Usopp! Sanji! Chopper! Robin! Franky! Brook! This tight-knit group of nine pirates... make their way through the vast ocean, with their sights set on One Piece!
Luffy: I'm gonna be the Pirate King!
Narrator: Luffy and the gang split into four teams, each on their own mission. The Sanji Rescue Team led by Luffy set out for  Whole Cake Island, where Emperor Big Mom waits.
Luffy: See ya in Wano Country!
Zoro: Right on!
Usopp: Don't get caught by Big Mom! Just remember, she's an Emperor!
Luffy: Gotcha!  See ya! Ya-hoo! To the Reverie Princess Vivi and Princess Shirahoshi
Citizens: Take care of yourself!
Person: All aboard!
Citizens: Huh?  Isn't that... That's Vivi-sama! Vivi-sama! Have a nice trip! Vivi-sama! Your Majesty!
Vivi: See you later, everyone!
Toto: Hey, Kohza. Vivi-chan looked pretty excited, didn't she?
Kohza: Her pirate spirit must have reawakened. And here she was,  finally starting to act like a princess...
Hina: Yes, this is Hina.  We just left Alabasta. We'll get the Nefertari Family to Mariejoa safely.
Jango: Hina-sama, accept these flowers!
Fullbody: I picked them for you!
Hina: I don't want them. Jango!  Fullbody! Man your stations, on the double!
Jango & Fullbody: Aye, aye, ma'am!
Igaram: Vivi-sama, Vivi-sama! That's dangerous, Vivi-sama! Please come down from there this instant, Vivi-sama!
Vivi: Such a nice sea breeze... I wonder if we'll meet again...
Luffy: Right!  Whatever happens from now on, these marks on our left arms're a sign of our friendship! I wanna send Crocodile flying! But you don't want nobody to die in this fight. None of the citizens, and none of us. A million people're fighting each other. Ain't ya bein' a bit soft?
Vivi: And what's wrong with that? What's wrong with not wanting people to die?!
Luffy: People die.
Vivi: Stop talking like that! Say that again and I'll make you pay! The people of this kingdom have done nothing wrong! So why must people die... when it's all Crocodile's fault?!
Luffy: Then why are you putting your life on the line? Just one look at this kingdom and even I can tell...
Vivi: Tell what?!
Luffy: ...what needs to be done first! You really think betting just your life's gonna be enough?
Vivi: Then what else should I be risking?! I don't have anything left to risk...
Luffy: Why don'cha try putting all of our lives on the line, then?! We're friends, ain't we?!
Crocodile: Let me tell you this... You can't save this country. So long, Princess...
Luffy: Crocodile!
Vivi: Luffy-san!
Luffy: Just in time.
Vivi: They can't hear me... None of them... At this rate, the country will...
Luffy: Don't worry. We can hear you! I ain't gonna lose again!
Vivi: Please... stop fighting! Please... stop fighting! Please... stop fighting!
Luffy: Gomu Gomu no... Storm! I see... Then all we gotta do is send Crocodile flying, right?
Vivi: Luffy-san...
Straw Hats: He won!
Vivi: Our enemy's already been defeated, so... Please... no more bloodshed... Please stop fighting! Please don't fight any more!
Nami: They heard her...
Vivi: Our nightmares... are all over. The rain falling right now...   will come again, like before.
Sanji: Let's go.  It's past noon.
Luffy: Ain't no way she ain't there! Let's get out and look for her! I know she's there!
Usopp: Hey, this is bad!  The Navy's after us again!
Sanji: Give it up, Luffy.  She's not like us.
Vivi: Everyone!
Luffy: Vivi!
Usopp: Karoo!
Sanji: Vivi-chan!
Usopp: Quick, turn the ship around!
Chopper: The Navy's on our tail!
Vivi: I came to say goodbye!
Luffy: What'd she say?
Vivi: I'd love to go on more adventures,  but I just love this country too much! So... I can't go!
Luffy: I see.
Vivi: I... I...
Luffy: This'll do!
Vivi: I'm staying here...
Luffy: It's a sign of our friendship!
Vivi: But if we ever meet again someday... will you call me your friend again?!
Luffy: You'll always be-
Nami: Idiot! Don't reply!  The Navy's noticed Vivi. If we prove she's connected with us,  she'll end up a criminal. Let's part in silence.
Luffy: Whatever happens from now on,  these marks on our left arms're a sign of our friendship!
Igaram: What if some bird monster shows up and kidnaps you?! Or what if a sniper's targeting you from somewhere,  or a meteor falls on you?!
Pell: You worry too much. Vivi-sama was once a pirate, you know.
Igaram: Are you out of your mind, Pell?   The Navy is right next to us!
Chaka: Don't push yourself, Your Majesty. If you don't feel well, we'll head back right away.
Cobra: No, I'm fine. Ever since I met Nico Robin, I've had a question for the World Government.
Chaka: About the Poneglyphs?
Cobra: I will attend the upcoming Reverie, no matter what. If possible, I want to know... what the king of the Nefertari family did to the world all those years ago.
Igaram: Oh, no!  Oh, no! Oh, no!  Oh, no!  Oh... Please stop doing that already, Vivi-sama!
Vivi: Father, how are you?
Cobra: Not very good.  I might not have that long left. I wish my daughter would take a husband already...
Vivi: That's not fair!   You're taking advantage of your illness again!
Cobra: We've got tons of pictures from potential suitors!
Vivi: Throw them away!
Servant: Congratulations on your coronation, sir. Our hotel was built exclusively for royal families who attend the Reverie every four years. We hope you find it to your liking.
Sally: It isn't not-not-so-bad. Right, dear?
Stelly: Well, it's run-of-the-mill.
Sally: He means it isn't un-average.
Stelly: All it offers is a view of the scaffold where Gold Roger was executed.
Servant: W-Well then, please rest  after your tiring journey... King Stelly.
Stelly: Oh, such eyesores.   Trash like you should make itself scarce.
Servant: Y-Y-Yes, sir!
Narrator: The reason for countries being somewhat abuzz... is because of an event that takes place... once every four years in the Holy Land Mariejoa, center of the world: the Reverie. At this, the paramount of meetings, the leaders of fifty nations gather... to discuss matters of concern from around the world, and establish future guidelines. However, being the judicious and  ever sly leaders of nations that they are, things never go quite so smoothly.
Flower Kingdom Ruler: The leader of the Happou Navy, Don Chinjao... Ah, no, the new leader, Sai, has yet to return? Ever since Straw Hat and his ilk  took down the Donquixote Family, our enemies can no longer purchase weapons from them. Thanks to that, the war is over. Seems we can make it to the Reverie after all. And there is much we have to say!
Shirahoshi: I just can't! I'm scared! Luffy-sama promised me... When I see him again someday, he'll take me to a real forest above ground!
Right Minister: Of course, Luffy-kun would take you farther. But on this occasion,  you're just going to Mariejoa, directly above us. Your brothers and the Neptune Army will be with you, Princess Shirahoshi!
Shirahoshi: But...
Left Minister: What are we to do?
Neptune: Shirahoshi...
Ryuuboshi: Father, could we go without her this time -mi re do?
Manboshi: Yeah!  The petition to emigrate from Fishman Island... has loads of signatures as it is! Manbo!
Neptune: That is like saying that we don't trust humans -jamon. What should we do?
Fukaboshi: Shirahoshi, what did you gain from the Straw Hats?
Shirahoshi: If we can ever... meet again... then I... won't be such a crybaby anymore! Please take me for another fun walk!
Luffy: A walk?  You wanna go visit your mom again?
Shirahoshi: No. This time, I want to go even further! To the real forests, above the sea!
Luffy: 'Kay, sure!
Shirahoshi: Promise me!
Straw Hats: It's a promise!
Fukaboshi: This is a meeting our mother, Otohime, was looking forward to. Come with us!
Narrator: Meanwhile, Luffy and his party have departed from Zou...
Nami: Turn to starboard...
Chopper: Sure... Howzzat?
Nami: Oh, a little more...
Luffy: C'mon, c'mon, c'mon! Let's see some spirit, or we're gonna go under!
Nami: Give it a rest already! We're all worn out because you decided to  leap off the elephant without any warning, you blockhead!
Pekoms: Thank you...  I can now savor the joy of living... But I'm gonna make you pay for that!
Brook: That made the blood in my veins freeze, though I am nothing but bones.
Pedro: Holy crap, what did I do to deserve this?
Nami: Look...  We've veered off course again. Turn to port...
Carrot: Aye, aye!  Leave it to me!
Luffy: Look!  She's full of energy-
Carrot: Wow!  I must really be out at sea! Just the way this heavy-looking ship is floating and moving forward...
Luffy: Wh-Why are you here?!
Everyone: Whaaat?!
Narrator: Chopper's foster mother, Dr. Kureha... and Rebecca, who aided Luffy in  taking down Warlord Doflamingo... start to head towards the Reverie. Meanwhile, Luffy's team welcomes a new member, Carrot, and receives news about another incident that will shock the world!
Luffy: Next time, on One Piece: To the Reverie Rebecca and the Cherry Blossom Kingdom I'm gonna be the Pirate King! To the Reverie Rebecca and the Cherry Blossom Kingdom
